Inanna - Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Characters - Guides & Best Builds Skip to content No results Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters No results Login Menu Search Login Home Characters - Guides & Best Builds Inanna Best build, skills, and guide for Inanna in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). Garbelius April 2, 2025 Notes Inanna is one of the best supports in the game because of her ability to give an ally another action with her Princess’s Prayer skill. That skill should always be on her at all times, and alone justifies her presence on a team. But she offers much more than that. Her skill, Flight of the Princess, cuts her health massively, but provides her with invisibility and causes her trait heal after her action to reach everyone within an absolutely massive radius of her. You can opt to bring her skill Princess’s Comfort if you prefer the more consistent heal each turn, but Flight will give her more placement flexibility, as long as you can get around the downtime (like by having a second healer like Cocoa, which is what I usually do). Her Soul Mate skill is absolutely busted, in that it provides a very big buff to both attack and defense for everyone within three tiles of her at the time of casting (as long as you keep your characters bunched up, which is often the best practice anyway). These buffs actually stack with other attack and defense buffs, meaning that they’re never redundant! This can often make the difference in difficult content. For gear, her best weapon is the Reorganized Cube, for its debuff removal and boost to her heals. Depending on how you use her, either Fancy Hat (so she doesn’t get her Active Skills shut down) or Old Scrolls of Auguste (to boost allies) can be her best trinket. For tarot, Empress is most useful for even more debuff removal/buffing. Her best engraving is wand + cup, as you want her using her prayer skill as often as possible! When rolling for stats, aim for M.ATK. As a side note, she comes with a guard that she automatically summons at the start of the fight. Until you get her to 5-star, he really anything incredible (unless you run a dedicated summon team), but he does open up other tactical options, sometimes. Her other RK 3 skill can be used to re-summon him, should he be killed. Overall, though, I recommend focusing on her other skills to get the most out of Inanna. Garbelius Articles: 182 More Articles Yennefer December 13, 2025 Triss December 2, 2025 Ciri December 1, 2025 Geralt November 29, 2025 Yserinde November 6, 2025 Camelot October 23, 2025 Credenza October 9, 2025 SP Samantha September 25, 2025 Latest Articles Yennefer Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Tier List &#8211; Best Characters Triss Ciri Geralt Sword of Convallaria Sword of Convallaria guides, database, builds, tier list, news, and more. Home Future Banners Tier List Guides Characters Sword of Convallaria (SoC) © 2026. All Rights Reserved. Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters Close Previous Next