Cocoa - Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Characters - Guides & Best Builds Skip to content No results Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters No results Login Menu Search Login Home Characters - Guides & Best Builds Cocoa Best build, skills, and guide for Cocoa in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). Garbelius April 2, 2025 Notes Cocoa is an absolutely incredible character, second only to Gloria (and not by much) in utility. Seriously, she will completely revolutionize your SoC experience! Cocoa is where a tank, a buffer, a debuffer, and healer all meet! Iron Pot Stew and Treasure Chest are both absolutely necessary skills to bring at all times. Iron Pot Stew provides a solid heal in a large AoE around Cocoa, while also providing anyone in the AoE with some crit-related buffs and [Bento], which provides the target with even more healing and some debuff removal at the start of their next action! This also triggers her trait, which at five-star is guaranteed to reduce the next skill’s NRG consumption and skill cooldown by 1 (30% trigger rate otherwise). This means that getting her to five-star is a big priority. Treasure Chest, on the other hand, is actually four skills in one. It has two healing skills, one stronger and one weaker, but [Instant], as well as a single-target buff that provides a massive damage boost, increased damage reduction, and total immunity to all attribute debuffs! The final skill deals 30% of a target’s max HP piercing dmg and puts that target to sleep, and inflicts two stacks of infection, which can be a nice way to stop a target in their tracks before they get to take an action. In other words, Treasure Chest is absurdly versatile. In her last skill slot, I strongly suggest using her Potluck Protector skill, as it allows her to provide [Assisting Cover] to allies, as long as she isn’t [Dying]. This allows her to fulfill her role as a tank and pairs perfectly with her Reaction skill, further allowing her to keep the team healthy! Her basic attack (although I’m sad to not be recommending the one that matches the rest of the kit’s aesthetic!) is best given to Armor-Piercing Strike, as it allows her to, on her off-turns, provide support by bonking the enemy and lowering their defenses before your other characters go. For a weapon, Brutal Axe is best for the HP boost it provides (her heals all scale based off of her Max HP). For a trinket, Crystal Burst Armor is my personal preference, for the same reason—Max HP increase. For a tarot, you can either go with Fool or with Hermit. My general advice for this is to pick the one you have with the best rolls, as they perform pretty close to each other overall, anyway. But in a perfect world, I would say a Fool tarot with all HP% rolls would be ideal. For an engraving, I suggest wand + cup for extra skill usage, and when rolling stats, aim for HP, since everything in her kit scales off of it. Garbelius Articles: 182 More Articles Yennefer December 13, 2025 Triss December 2, 2025 Ciri December 1, 2025 Geralt November 29, 2025 Yserinde November 6, 2025 Camelot October 23, 2025 Credenza October 9, 2025 SP Samantha September 25, 2025 Latest Articles Yennefer Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Tier List &#8211; Best Characters Triss Ciri Geralt Sword of Convallaria Sword of Convallaria guides, database, builds, tier list, news, and more. Home Future Banners Tier List Guides Characters Sword of Convallaria (SoC) © 2026. All Rights Reserved. Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters Close Previous Next