Xavier - Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Characters - Guides & Best Builds Skip to content No results Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters No results Login Menu Search Login Home Characters - Guides & Best Builds Xavier Best build, skills, and guide for Xavier in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). Garbelius April 2, 2025 Notes Xavier has about 100 different builds, and none of them are going to make him overly impressive! So just bear that in mind before reading any further. I chose the reaction skill I did just so he can squeeze out some extra damage, but if you have external damage boosting on him, then get the other reaction skill. Falling Comet Dash is as expensive as a fancy date, but the [▼SPD II] it inflicts is rare, and can help you slow enemies enough to finish them off before they get to go. I’d recommend bringing it as often as you can. Chaotic Battle is also really nice because it inflicts [⦸Healing Received] on everyone it hits, which can be really useful. Musou is great mainly for the knockback effect, though [Parry] and [Preempt] are also good, I suppose. Of note is his Spear of Iria skill that basically always lets him go first on the first and second turns, and tops him up on NRG, too. That can be situationally useful, as well. Overall, I would say that if you try to use Xavier as a DPS, even an AoE DPS, you’re going to be disappointed. Instead, treat him as a support debuffer, who hits the enemies with helpful debuffs, and paves the way for your actual DPS characters to do the real damage, then you’ll be less disappointed. As a final note, just be aware that he’s actually pretty useful in PvP/Clash, due to his knockback mechanics and the speed his Spear of Iria skill can give him, etc. When rolling stats, aim for P.ATK. Garbelius Articles: 182 More Articles Yennefer December 13, 2025 Triss December 2, 2025 Ciri December 1, 2025 Geralt November 29, 2025 Yserinde November 6, 2025 Camelot October 23, 2025 Credenza October 9, 2025 SP Samantha September 25, 2025 Latest Articles Yennefer Sword of Convallaria (SoC) Tier List &#8211; Best Characters Triss Ciri Geralt Sword of Convallaria Sword of Convallaria guides, database, builds, tier list, news, and more. Home Future Banners Tier List Guides Characters Sword of Convallaria (SoC) © 2026. All Rights Reserved. Future Banners Tier List Characters Astral Imprints Weapons Trinkets Tarot Whispers Guides Ascension Skill Info & Recommendations Codes Shard Farming Priority Talent Guide & Tactics Tier List Team Building Weaponry Trial I Weaponry Trial II Weaponry Trial III Characters Close Previous Next