SoC | Yserinde Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Yserinde Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Yserinde Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Yserinde in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Yserinde Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Yserinde's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Seeker Faction The Union Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 4 Normal 2 2 Yserinde's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Fights with Bloodfeather Blades - Piercing DMG and DoT Specialist - High Physical Endurance for Self and Allies - Many Unique Mechanics and High Skill Ceiling How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Yserinde Pros and Strength Yserinde's Character Overview Excels in Piercing, DoT, and Buffs Utilizes Blood Plume Blades Boosts Survivability Enhancing Stats is Important Synergizes with Nydia and Union High Skill Ceiling Excels in Piercing, DoT, and Buffs Yserinde is a character who not only excels in Piercing DMG and DoTs, but is also capable of significantly increasing her own and her allies' durability, which is rare for a Seeker . Note that utilizing Yserinde to her maximum potential can be difficult since playing her involves creating Items and fighting with the appropriate methods, however she becomes extremely powerful once mastered. Can Strengthen Allies with Her Aura With the Aura generated from her main Skill [Endless Web], she can also increase the DMG dealt by all allies. Since it also boosts Piercing/Damage Over Time effects, she can synergize with many characters. In addition to her high offensive capabilities, she is a character who can take on various roles, such as leaning towards support or playing offensively . Utilizes Blood Plume Blades Many Skill effects are activated by creating and utilizing Blood Plume Blades . Play Yserinde by thinking in advance about how to create blades, where to place them, which Skill effects to trigger, and which character to activate them with. Understanding her mechanics is the key to mastering her. Blood Plume Blade Details Blood Plume Blade Details Effect An Item placed on the ground. When any character stays on it, Yserinde inflicts Piercing DMG equal to 50% of her P.ATK & 1 turn of Frostbite (Damage Over Time) to enemies within 2 tiles of the Blood Plume Blade, and Yserinde gains [Deflection] (Next DMG taken -50%). If she is 3-stars or higher, Yserinde recovers 1 NRG when the effect is activated. When [Royal Guard Escort] is equipped, if the character who stays on it is an ally, they are additionally granted [Armor of Ice - Extra (Physical Shield)], [Deflection], and Move Again effects. How to Spawn Spawns 1 on any tile with the Trait Skill [Plume Stratagem] Spawns next to the 3 nearest enemies within 6 tiles with [Endless Web]. Additional Notes When some Skills are activated, you can get an effect equivalent to the activation effect of Blood Plume Blade. Applicable Skills: [Feather Storm] [Plume Rend] When equipping [Royal Guard Escort] and activating [Plume Array] or [Plume Rend], allies with [Deflection] are treated as equivalent to a placed "Blood Plume Blade," and Skill effects are activated around them. Basic Yserinde Gameplay Generate Blood Plume Blades with Trait Skill Cast [Endless Web] Move Using Blood Plume Blades Inflict Piercing/Damage Over Time to Enemy Groups After generating a Blood Plume Blade, the basic strategy is to activate the effects of Blood Plume Blades one after another using the Move Again effect of the Passive [Royal Guard Escort], dealing damage to groups of enemies. Boosts Survivability Yserinde has a wealth of ways to increase her own and her allies' durability, with buffs like physical shields from [Armor of Ice - Extra], [Deflection] which reduces the next instance of damage taken by 50%, and Skills that instantly grant a damage reduction buff to all allies on the field. Since Yserinde can deal high-level damage while also increasing survivability, she can be expected to perform well across all types of content. Enhancing Stats is Important Stat Priorities 1. P.ATK 2. P.DEF 3. M.ATK 4. HP 5. M.DEF Stat Scaling P. ATK: Piercing DMG/Damage Over Time (Frostbite) from Skills P. DEF: Up to 30% is added to P.ATK by her Trait M. ATK: DoT (Frostbite) HP: Physical Shield (Armor of Ice - Extra) Because Yserinde has buffs and DoTs that reference stats, as well as effects where part of one stat is added to another, boosting each of her stats is important. Remember to raise the most important stat, P.ATK, along with many other stats to enhance the relevant effect. Synergizes with Nydia and Union Take note of Yserinde's synergy with characters like her sister Nydia , who also applies [Black Feather] to trigger skills, and characters from the Faction, who can trigger the additional effect of the [Endless Web] Aura to deal Damage Over Time every turn. High Skill Ceiling Yserinde is a character where techniques such as knowing when and where to create Blood Plume Blades and the timing for activating [Plume Rend] are important. If you understand Yserinde's mechanics and master her, you can effectively utilize her in various ways. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Yserinde Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ As you increase Yserinde's Star Levels, her DEF and the percentage added to attack will increase. In addition, at 3-stars, she will recover 1 NRG when consuming Blood Plume Blade, and from 4-stars onward, the effect of the Endless Web Aura will be enhanced. This character is especially recommended if you want to strengthen a character who excels at Piercing DMG and DoT. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Yserinde Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Surefire Attack Silent Wing Will of Unbreakable Steel Skill Endless Web Plume Rend Royal Guard Escort Weapon Trinket Tarot Newborn Blade Crimson Quill The Hanged Men's Dedication This is a build that can also support allies. While the Newborn Blade is more readily available for most players, " Nocturnal Glow " and the Skill [Plume Array] have very good synergy. t]It is possible to constantly increase the offense and defense of allies. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Royal Guard Escort ★★★★★ An excellent Passive that increases durability with Ice Armor and Deflection, while also allowing you to disengage or attack with its Move Again effect. The basic strategy is to generate many Blood Plume Blades and activate them with this skill. Silent Wing ★★★★★ A Reaction that can significantly increase your durability with debuff removal and Armor of Ice - Extra. You should generally equip this. Plume Rend ★★★★★ A Passive to prioritize when focusing on offense. Be mindful of activating it when you've placed a large number of Blood Plume Blades at once with [Endless Web], as it can deal significant damage to groups of enemies. Surefire Attack ★★★★★ The [✗Dodge] debuff is useful in situations against enemy Seekers and more, so you should generally equip this Basic Attack. Endless Web ★★★★★ Generates a large number of "Blood Plume Blades" at once and grants an Aura that strengthens allies. Although it cannot be used again while the Aura is active, it's a main skill that should be equipped with the highest priority. Plume Array ★★★★ An excellent skill that can instantly grant a damage mitigation buff to allies. If you can also apply Deflection, it will greatly increase allies' durability, so equip it when focusing on defense in high-difficulty stages. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Feather Storm ★★★ A user-friendly skill that can be used every turn as it has no NRG Cost or CD. Use this as your main skill at low levels. Phantom Shift ★★★ A skill specializing in movement. There are many situations where swapping positions with enemies or allies can be advantageous, so equip it if you have a specific goal in mind. Counterattack ★★★ In easier stages where durability isn't needed, or when focusing on offense, equipping this Reaction is also an option. Invulnerable ★★ While it can significantly increase durability, "Deflection" and "Armor of Ice - Extra" are usually sufficient. It's an option to equip if Disruption is troublesome. Hypnotic Attack ★★ The Sleep effect itself is powerful, but with a low 30% infliction chance, it's difficult to incorporate into your strategy. Generally, you should equip the other Basic Attack. Black Feather Field ★ Deflection itself has an effect that greatly reduces damage taken, so only equip this if you absolutely need to reduce damage. Perfect Shield ★ Since offense and defense are important, the synergy is good, but it's more effective to increase your action count with attack Skills, so its priority is low. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Yserinde Newborn Blade Nocturnal Glow Guardian's Will Newborn Blade, which greatly increases P.ATK, Nocturnal Glow, which increases stats and has good synergy with [Plume Array], and Guardian's Will, which greatly increases P.DEF when you have a Shield, are recommended. Other Gear that increases stats is also a good match. Recommended Trinkets for Yserinde Crimson Quill Shield of Justice Deceptive Shadow Since this character benefits greatly from having her stats increased, Trinkets that provide a significant stat boost, such as the Crimson Quill, are recommended. Recommended Tarots for Yserinde The Hanged Men's Dedication Murmur of Death Temptation of The Devil We recommend options such as The Hanged Man, which increases Damage Over Time effects, Death, which boosts Piercing Damage, and The Devil, which greatly increases stats. Recommended Engravings for Yserinde Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Engravings that increase stats such as Sword + Wand or Sword + Pentacle are especially recommended. Yserinde's Trait & Skills Yserinde's Trait Trait Max Effect [Will of Blood Plume] ✦ Increases DEF by 40%, adds 30% of the character's P.DEF to ATK, and reduces DMG taken or Piercing DMG taken by 60% when Deflection takes effect. ✦ When Blood Plume Blade is triggered and consumed, the character recovers 1 NRG. When the character has Endless Web , additionally increases Piercing DMG and DoT dealt by 25%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Increases DEF by 25%, adds 25% of the character's P.DEF to ATK, and reduces DMG taken or Piercing DMG taken by 50% when Deflection takes effect. ✦ When Blood Plume Blade is triggered and consumed, the character recovers 1 NRG. When the character has Endless Web , additionally increases Piercing DMG and DoT dealt by 10%. ✦ Increases DEF by 15%, adds 20% of the character's P.DEF to ATK, and reduces DMG taken or Piercing DMG taken by 50% when Deflection takes effect. ✦ When Blood Plume Blade is triggered and consumed, the character recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Increases DEF by 15%, adds 15% of the character's P.DEF to ATK, and reduces DMG taken or Piercing DMG taken by 40% when Deflection takes effect. ✦ Gains Jump and Unyielding , and gains Deflection when triggering Resolve . The character can jump over other allies, enemies, neutral characters, and items. When using Basic Attack[, can attack adjacent enemies. All enemies in battle are affected by [Everfeather aura. ✦ Gains additional skill Plume Stratagem . At the start of the turn, the next use of this skill becomes Instant and costs NRG. CD: 3 turns. ✦ Increases DEF by 10%, adds 10% of the character's DEF by 10%, adds 10% of the character's P.DEF to ATK, and reduces DMG taken on Piercing DMG taken by 40% when Deflection takes effect. Yserinde's Base Skills Skill Range Straight Shot [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Feather Storm [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Piercing DMG) Selects 1 location, deals Piercing DMG equal to 50% of P.ATK to all enemies within 1 tile of the target. ✦ This effect is considered as triggering Blood Plume Blade . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Royal Guard Escort - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) After any ally triggers Blood Plume Blade , Yserinde grants them Armor of Ice - Extra for 2 turns, and grants them Deflection and Move Again . ✦ When casting Plume Array or triggering Plume Rend , allies with Deflection are considered as having Blood Plume Blade . Phantom Shift [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Selects to use Phantom - Falling Feather or Phantom - Swift Feather . ✦ After using either skill, makes the next use of Plume Stratagem become Instant and costs no NRG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Black Feather Field - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Aura) All allies within 3 tiles of the character take 15% reduced DMG and Piercing DMG when having Deflection . Perfect Shield - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) When Unharmed , increases ATK and DEF by 10%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Silent Wing - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) After the character's Deflection triggers, dispells 1 debuff from the character and gains Armor of Ice - Extra for 2 turns. Counterattack - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack from the front or side , performs a basic attack to Strike Back if the attacker is within range, dealing 70% of basic attack's DMG. The effect can be activated up to 1 time per round. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Invulnerable [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 5 (Support) Gains DMG Reduction IV , Mind's Eye , and Immunity to Disrupt for 3 turns. Plume Rend - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) After placing or triggering 4 Blood Plume Blades , deals Piercing DMG equal to 50% P.ATK to all enemies within 2 tiles of Blood Plume Blade or having Black Feather . ✦ This effect is considered as triggering Blood Plume Blade , but does not count towards this skill's trigger count. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Hypnotic Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 80% magical DMG and grants a 30% chance to inflict Sleep on the target for 1 turn. Surefire Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ✗ Dodge on the target, lasting for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Plume Array [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 2 (Support) Instant Grants all allies in battle DMG Reduction II for 2 turns. If Blood Plume Blade exists within 2 tiles of the target or there are enemies with Black Feather , additionally grants them Deflection . Endless Web [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 0 (Support) Locks onto 3 closest enemies within 6 tiles of the character, and places 1 Blood Plume Blade on adjacent empty tiles ; if with insuficcient targets, the effect changes to placing 3 Blood Plume Blades on adjacent empty tiles of 1 closest enemy. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Will of Unbreakable Steel - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect P.DEF is increased by 20% and physical DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Weapons That Yserinde Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword Yserinde's Voice Actor & Release Date Yserinde Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Yamamoto Ai Released on Friday, November 7 Yserinde was released on Friday, November 7. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Yserinde's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. First Advisor of the Noble Order of the Lionhearted Knights, Yserinde radiates dangerous intelligence. Her calm wisdom and tactical brilliance remain unbound by the Union's rigid traditions. She employes deceptive strategies and adapts to any situation, manipulating enemies with calculated precision. Yserinde and her sister Nydia were once princesses of a small but proud kingdom. When the armies of Camelot, the King of Judgement, invaded, the sisters fought side by side in desperate resistance. Their homeland ultimately fell beneath merciless conquest, and the sisters entered Camelot's service.Yserinde's exceptional strategic mind earned rapid promotion to First Advisor of the Noble Order of the Lionhearted Knights, along with permission to maintain an independent guard unit. The dream of restoration burns deep within her heart. Powerful pride and relentless ambition drive her to accumulate strength and claim victory after victory. She believes absolutely in one principle: only the strongest possess the power to protect what they cherish most. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.