SoC | Yennefer Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Yennefer Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Yennefer Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Yennefer in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Yennefer Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor The Witcher 3 Collab Guide The Witcher 3 Collab Characters Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri Yennefer's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Destroyer Faction Dimension Traveler Drifter Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Yennefer's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Excels at AoE Attacks and Support - Skills Evolve using Magic Boost - Applies Vulnerable - Rare Illusion and Teleportation Skills How to Get - Summon from the Limited-Time The Witcher 3 Collaboration Banner Yennefer Pros and Strength Yennefer's Character Overview Excels at AoE attacks and support Skills Evolve with Magic Empowerment Possesses Decoys and Teleportation Decide on Playstyle Preemptively Excels at AoE Attacks and Support Yennefer excels at AoE attacks and support. With her ability to enhance her next Skill by using her Trait Skill and possessing numerous special Skills, she is not a one-dimensional attacker. She is a technical character capable of leading the team to victory in various ways. Skills Evolve with Magic Empowerment Yennefer's Trait [Magic Surge] grants her a buff and enhances some of her Skills. It's generally recommended to enhance her attack Skills when she's in an Attacker role and her support Skills when she's a supporter, but it's crucial to appropriately enhance Skills based on the situation. Possesses Decoys and Teleportation Yennefer has special Skills such as [Charming Illusion], which creates a decoy that lasts for 2 turns, and the rare and powerful [Portal], which can Teleport allies or enemies. These are useful for holding up enemies and handling various gimmicks, so she is expected to be effective in high-difficulty stages. Decide Playstyle Preemptively Since she possesses many useful Skills, it's important to decide in advance which Skills to focus on for each stage. Decide whether to make Yennefer an Attacker or to support other characters with her powerful skills, and proceed with your strategy. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Yennefer Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Aim for 3-stars to be able to use the Trait Skill from the start of battle, 4-star to reduce NRG & CD consumption when using the Trait Skill, and 5-star to be able to use the Trait Skill once every 2 turns. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Yennefer AoE Attacker Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Charged Attack Evasive Shift Magical Insight Skill Elemental Control Portal Yennefer's Mockery Weapon Trinket Tarot Obsidian Star Blood Luxite Amulet Dream of The Magician This is a build for maximizing AoE damage. Use Portal to control the positions of allies and enemies, while boosting Elemental Control with Magic Empowerment to launch attacks against enemies. Bossing, Support Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Charged Attack Protection of Darkness Magical Insight Skill Embrace of Shadows Portal Tissaia's Teaching Weapon Trinket Tarot Obsidian Star Shield of Justice Redemption of The Judgement This is a build focused on a support role during boss battles. Use Portal to control ally positions, then cast [Veil of Fate] by enhancing [Embrace of Shadows] with Magic Empowerment to apply strong debuffs to enemies while granting healing and powerful buffs to allies. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Yennefer Obsidian Star Diffusing Prism Nirvana The Obsidian Star and Diffusing Prism , which can greatly increase magic damage, are especially recommended. Other damage-increasing Gear, or the Reorganized Cube for a support build, are also recommended. Recommended Trinkets for Yennefer Blood Luxite Amulet Shield of Justice Disaster Bottle The Blood Luxite Amulet , which greatly increases magic damage, is highly recommended. Trinkets that boost stats or those with ally support and attack Skills are also recommended. Recommended Tarots for Yennefer Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil Redemption of The Judgement When used as an Attacker, Tarots that increase damage, such as Magician , Devil , and Justice , are recommended. When used as a Support, Judgement " is recommended. Recommended Engravings for Yennefer Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) We recommend combinations like Sword + Wand and Sword + Pentacle to raise stats, and Wand + Cup to get an effect that can make NRG consumption/CD 0. Yennefer's Trait & Skills Yennefer's Trait Trait Max Effect [Yennefer of Vengerberg] Increases M.ATK by 15%. When having Magic Boost , M.ATK is additionally increased by 30%. ✦ Gains additional skill Magic Surge ; after using, gains 1 stacks of Magic Exhaustion at the end of the turn. After using skill Magic Surge , the next non- Magic Empowerment class skill costs 1 less NRG and has its CD reduced by 1 turn. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect Increases M.ATK by 15%. When having Magic Boost , M.ATK is additionally increased by 20%. ✦ Gains additional skill Magic Surge ; after using, gains 2 stacks of Magic Exhaustion at the end of the turn. After using skill Magic Surge , the next non- Magic Empowerment class skill costs 1 less NRG and has its CD reduced by 1 turn. Increases M.ATK by 10%. When having Magic Boost , M.ATK is additionally increased by 20%. ✦ Gains additional skill Magic Surge ; after using, gains 2 stacks of Magic Exhaustion at the end of the turn. Increases M.ATK by 10%. When having Magic Boost , M.ATK is additionally increased by 10%. ✦ Gains additional skill Magic Surge ; after using, gains 2 stacks of Magic Exhaustion at the end of the turn; ✦ At the start of the battle, gains 1 stack of Magic Exhaustion . Increases M.ATK by 5%. When having Magic Boost , M.ATK is additionally increased by 10%. ✦ Gains additional skill Magic Surge ; after using, gains 2 stacks of Magic Exhaustion at the end of the turn; ✦ At the start of the battle, gains 1 stack of Magic Exhaustion . Yennefer's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Erosion [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 85% DMG and inflicts 2 random Level 2 Attribute Debuffs on the target for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Yennefer's Heal [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Healing) Heals the target by 100% of M.ATK and dispels 1 debuff from the target. Auxiliary Passive . Effect: at the end of the turn, if this skill was not used, heals the ally with the lowest HP percentage within 3 tiles of the character by 40% of M.ATK. Corruption - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) At the end of the turn, inflicts 2 random Level 1 Attribute Debuffs on 1 random enemy within a 3-tile radius of the character, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Embrace of Shadows [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Selects the target tile to deal 40% AoE DMG to all enemies within 2 tiles and inflicts 1 random Level 2 Debuff for 2 turns; ✦ Heals allies within range by 60% of M.ATK and grants them △DMG III and Frosty and Burning Tile Immunity for 2 turns. ✦ When having Magic Boost , the skill switches to Shadow: Veil of Fate . Elemental Control [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Selects to use Ball Lightning , Pyrokinesis , or Hail . ✦ When having Magic Boost , the skill switches to Elemental Storm . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Protection of Darkness - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Before being hit by an active attack, for every Debuff on the attacker, decreases DMG taken by an additional 10%, up to 30%. Evasive Shift - [Reaction] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Reaction) Reduces DMG taken by 10% and magical DMG taken by an additional 30%. ✦ Before taking enemies' active single-target attacks from front or side , performs Preempt , interrupts the target's action, deals 50% magical DMG, and inflicts 2 random Level 2 Debuffs , then teleports to the closest ally within 2-6 tiles; after the effect triggers, enters a 2-turn CD. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Charming Illusion [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Magical DMG) Summons Illusion on the target tile for 2 turns and makes Illusion inflict Bewitch on enemies within 2 tiles for 1 turn; then deals 80% magical DMG to all enemies within range and inflicts Vulnerable III for 2 turns. ✦ When having Magic Boost , the skill switches to Instant Charming Illusion . Portal [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 4 (Support) Selects the target and teleports to any empty tile within 6 tiles of the target. ✦ When cast on allies, grants them △DMG III , and △SPD II for 2 turns; when cast on enemies, deals 100% DMG and inflicts Stunned for 1 turn. ✦ After teleportation, performs Pursuit on all enemies within 2 tiles of the target, dealing AoE DMG equal to 50% of M.ATK and inflicting Vulnerable III for 2 turns.✦ When having Magic Boost , the skill switches to Instant Portal . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Dispelling Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 50% physical DMG 2 times and dispels 2 buffs on the target. Charged Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and increases the DMG of the next skill by 15%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Tissaia's Teaching - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) After casting non- Magic Empowerment skills, reduces all class skill CDs by 1 turn and restores 1 NRG. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. Yennefer's Mockery - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) Increases DMG by 30% and additionally increases DMG by 30% against targets with Bound . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Blessing of Divine Shield - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect M.DEF is increased by 20% and magical DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Magical Insight - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When under Magic Boost , increases DMG by 15% and healing effects by 30%. When not under Magic Boost , increases DMG by 8% and healing effects by 15%. Weapons That Yennefer Can Equip List of Weapons Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dream Turbidity Magic Ladle Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Solid Wand Astral Rod Apprentice Wand Yennefer's Voice Actor Yennefer Voice Actor VA English VA:Denise Gough Yennefer's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Yennefer of Vengerberg is a powerful sorceress known for her confidence, wit, and scent of lilac and gooseberries. As a member of the Brotherhood of Sorceres, she would occasionally offer counsel to the king of Aedirn. She is the one true love of the witcher Geralt, their fates intertwined through a wish granted by a djin. Decades on, their bond remains profound, even if sometimes it appears as volatile as a tempest at sea. In start contrast to Geralt, Yennefer navigates the worlds of social intrigue and politics with masterful ease. This is not a life she seeks, yet she views power as a necessary tool, one she must wield without hesitation to protect herself and those she holds dear. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.