SoC | SP Faycal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters SP Faycal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide SP Faycal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for SP Faycal in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents SP Faycal Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Faycal Variants Faycal SP Faycal SP Faycal's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Defender Faction Sword of Convallaria Iria Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 SP Faycal's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Grants Alert to Allies - Has Rally Command/Response - Crit Rate Also Boosts Crit DMG How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) SP Faycal Pros and Strength SP Faycal's Character Overview Grants Alert to Interrupt Enemies Increases DMG by Boosting Crit Has Rally Command/Response Performance Varies per Stage Grants Alert to Interrupt Enemies SP Faycal is characterized by his ability to interrupt enemy actions by applying [Alert] to allies. Because of the larger number of attacks, he is particularly effective when used against multiple, fragile enemies . The number of Alert triggers increases at 3-stars, and again at 5-stars, so prioritize SP Faycal's stars for more Alerts. Tip! Since SP Faycal applies Alert from a distance, he synergizes well with durable frontliners, or aggressive Seekers. Increase DMG by Boosting Crit SP Faycal's Trait converts a portion of his Crit into his Crit DMG. Therefore, players should prioritize increasing his Crit with his Gear and Tarot. Be Mindful of Excessive Crit With an increased Star-Level, as well as his signature weapon, Protect the Rebirth , SP Faycal's Crit DMG can sometimes be excessive. Instead of the Justice Tarot, consider using others such as The Tower or The Hierophant . Raise SP Faycal's DMG output in a balanced way by being mindful of his stat ceilings. Has Rally Command/Response SP Faycal has skills with the [Rally Command] and [Rally Response] tags, and synergizes well with other characters from the Sword of Convallaria faction. While the damage from a single activation of his Trait is low, the same attack can trigger an unlimited number of times. Performance Varies per Stage While SP Faycal can perform exceptionally well in stages against multiple Seekers, or when facing numerous, squishy enemies, he struggles against highly durable enemies, stationary enemies, and even against bosses. Therefore, it is important to identify the stages where he can be played effectively . Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for SP Faycal Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ First, aim for 3-star, which increases the number of Alert activations. At 5-stars, the number of Alerts increases further, and you also gain the effects of NRG recovery when Rally Response activates and 20% increase to Crit DMG if Crit reaches 100% , greatly improving your attack performance. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for SP Faycal Alert Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Charged Attack Strength Activation Path of Swift Support Skill Arrowstorm Slugger Stance Steady Aim Weapon Trinket Tarot Protect the Rebirth Hunter's Intuition Destruction of The Tower This build harnesses SP Faycal's strong, Alert-focused kit. Use [Arrowstorm] on frontliner allies to intercept approaching enemies with Alert. If you can recover SP Faycal's NRG using allied skills or Rally Response, you can opt to replace [Steady Aim] with another skill such as [Swift Leap]. Single-Target / Boss Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Charged Attack Defense (AoE) Path of Swift Support Skill Sundering Arrow Slugger Stance Swift Leap Weapon Trinket Tarot Protect the Rebirth Shield of Justice Hierophant's Laws This build is geared towards single-target combat, or boss battles. Apply offensive buffs to SP Faycal to deal massive damage with [Sundering Arrow]. It's also important to focus on triggering his [Rally Response] using allied [Rally Command] to reach his full potential. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Arrowstorm ★★★★★ SP Faycal's main skill and a top priority for battles with multiple enemies. Since it has the [Rally Command] effect, it becomes even more powerful when used with characters that have [Rally Response]. Slugger Stance ★★★★★ A skill that boosts DMG and prevents Alert from being interrupted when attacked, but at the cost of being unable to move. If movement is necessary for the stage, equip [Swift Leap] as well. Strength Activation ★★★★ Increases DMG dealt upon being healed. Try to maintain this buff by having a source of healing. Swift Leap ★★★★ A skill that counters the immobility from [Slugger Stance] by allowing you to move instantly. It's also excellent as it provides NRG and a Crit buff. Charged Attack ★★★★ This increases skill damage, so you should generally equip this as your Basic Attack. Steady Aim ★★★★ When attacking, it lowers the enemy's attack performance and recovers NRG up to 2 times per turn. NRG consumption is high for Alert builds, so prioritize this skill if you can't supplement NRG Recovery with other characters or the Trait's Rally Response. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Sundering Arrow ★★★ Although it's tricky to use as it requires a 1-turn prep, this is a top-priority skill when focusing on single-target attacks. It enhances attacks from the Trait's Rally Response, and since this skill has Rally Command, it can also trigger allies' Rally Response. Defense (AoE) ★★★ Useful on certain stages as it significantly reduces damage taken from AoE attacks. Penetrating Arrow ★★ With its high number of hits, it's easy to apply a P.DEF debuff to multiple enemies. It's a viable option for stages that require debuffs if you can't apply them with other characters. Critical Strike (Curved Shot) ★★ If you're lacking in critical stats, using this Basic Attack is fine too. Arrow of Guardian Convallaria ★★ At 5-stars, it's powerful as it can interrupt the actions of 3 enemies. However, its CD is very long at 4, and since SP Faycal has no native CD reduction, it's difficult to use. Precise Shot ★ This is SP Faycal's easiest-to-use single-target attack skill, but its damage is low. Equip it on stages where [Sundering Arrow] is difficult to use. Scatter ★ An easy-to-use AoE skill, but its damage is low, so other more powerful skills should be prioritized. Shield Break - Enhanced ★ Greatly increases attack power against enemies with a Shield. Only equip this if other characters can't deal with them. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for SP Faycal Protect the Rebirth Irian Combat Bow Star-Raid Crossbow Protect the Rebirth, which greatly increases Critical Rate, is the most recommended. For an Alert build, Irian Combat Bow is also a viable option. Recommended Trinkets for SP Faycal Hunter's Intuition Shield of Justice Maverick's Cloak Hunters Intuition increase the number of Alert triggers, so it is generally recommended above other Trinkets. For single-targets, Shield of Justice provides the highest stat boosts, while Maverick's Cloak also works well since he is usually positioned away from his frontline-favouring allies. Recommended Tarots for SP Faycal Verdict of Justice Destruction of The Tower Hierophant's Laws The Justice most recommended, but if you have multiple stars and your Crit is already boosted by other Gear, your Crit DMG will overcap, so equipping gear with raw DMG boosts like Tower or Hierophant will increase your DMG output. Recommended Engravings for SP Faycal Resonance Effect Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Recommended combinations include Sword + Pentacle to increase stats, Wand + Wand to gain multiple buffs, and Wand + Cup to reduce NRG consumption. SP Faycal's Trait & Skills SP Faycal's Trait Trait Max Effect [Strongbow Garrison] ✦ Increases Crit and Crit DMG by 20%; at the start of battle, recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: Locks onto the closest enemy within 4 tiles of the character and deals 30% physical DMG. ✦ Increases P.ATK and Crit by 15%; adds 30% of Crit to Crit DMG, up to 90% Crit DMG increase through this effect. ✦ Increases Alert trigger count by 2; when triggering Rally Response for the first time each round, additionally recovers 1 NRG. ✦ When attacking with 100% Crit, additionally increases Crit DMG by 20%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Increases Crit and Crit DMG by 20%; at the start of battle, recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: Locks onto the closest enemy within 4 tiles of the character and deals 30% physical DMG. ✦ Increases P.ATK and Crit by 15%; adds 25% of Crit to Crit DMG, up to 75% Crit DMG increase through this effect. ✦ Increases Alert trigger count by 1. ✦ Increases Crit and Crit DMG by 20%; at the start of battle, recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: Locks onto the closest enemy within 4 tiles of the character and deals 30% physical DMG. ✦ Increases P.ATK and Crit by 10%; adds 20% of Crit to Crit DMG, up to 60% Crit DMG increase through this effect. ✦ Increases Alert trigger count by 1. ✦ Increases Crit and Crit DMG by 20%; at the start of battle, recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: Locks onto the closest enemy within 4 tiles of the character and deals 30% physical DMG. ✦ Increases P.ATK and Crit by 10%; adds 15% of Crit to Crit DMG, up to 45% Crit DMG increase through this effect. ✦ Increases Crit and Crit DMG by 20%; at the start of battle, recovers 1 NRG. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: Locks onto the closest enemy within 4 tiles of the character and deals 30% physical DMG. ✦ Increases P.ATK and Crit by 5%; adds 10% of Crit to Crit DMG, up to 30% Crit DMG increase through this effect. SP Faycal's Base Skills Skill Range Curved Shot [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Fires a Curved Shot which deals 85% Physical DMG. Precise Shot [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Physical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 130% DMG. Before attacking, inflicts ✗ Dodge on the target, lasting for 1 turn. SP Skill Skill Range Arrow of Guardian Convallaria [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 4 (Physical DMG) Performs Alert within a 3x4 area in the target direction. Deals 120% DMG and interrupts actions once an enemy enter this area. When Faycal (Original) learns RK 3 Arrow Guardian of Convallaria, and SP Faycal is enhanced to 3★, the SP skill is unlocked. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Scatter [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Deals 70% AoE DMG to all enemies within a 3x3 area in the target direction and inflicts ▽ Move I , lasting for 2 turns. Penetrating Arrow - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) After attacking, inflicts ▽ P.DEF II on the target for 3 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Sundering Arrow [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Rally Command Single-target attack. Prepares for 1 turn, and deals 180% DMG. ✦ If the target is within 4 tiles of the character (For Large Target s, measure from the closest tile) during preparation, they will be targeted by the Rally Response effect of Faycal - Arrow of the Homeland 's trait, and take doubled DMG. Arrowstorm [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 0 (Support) Rally Command Performs Alert on an area of 4 tiles around the target (the alert center moves with the target); can deal 70% physical DMG. Can be activated up to 3 times per round. ✦ During Alert , the character's Rally Response will be triggered with the target as the center. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Defense (AoE) - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active AoE Attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 30%. Strength Activation - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Increases the healing received by 10%. When receiving healing, gains △ DMG II for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Swift Leap [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Jumps to the target location, recovers 1 NRG and gains △Crit II and △Crit DMG I for 2 turns. ✦ Auxiliary Passive . Effect: When in Slugger Stance , increases the max range of this skill by 2 tiles. Slugger Stance [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant The character gains Slugger Stance . The skill switches to Maneuver Stance . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Critical Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and increases Crit by 15% before attacking. Fatal Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Fires a Curved Shot which deals 85% physical DMG and increases Crit DMG by 15%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Shield Break - Enhanced - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Increases ATK by 30% and ignores 40% of the target's DEF when attacking enemies with a Shield . Steady Aim - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) After performing physical attacks, inflicts ▽ATK II , ▽DMG II and ✗Passive Skills on the target for 2 turns. When dealing DMG outside the character's turn, recovers 1 NRG. Can be triggered up to 2 times per round. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Path of Swift Support - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Increases ATK by 5%; increases the character’s DMG outside the turn by 20%. Weapons That SP Faycal Can Equip List of Weapons Meteor Line Whale Hunter Irian Combat Bow Longbow of Martyrs Star-Raid Crossbow Melee Mega Crossbow Cornucopia Longbow Protect the Rebirth Drifting Feathers Icebreaker VIderian Longbow Steel Crossbow Hunting Bow Exquisite Wood Bow Accurate Bow Wood Bow SP Faycal's Voice Actor & Release Date SP Faycal Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Uemura Yuto Released on Friday, February 20 SP Faycal was released on Friday, February 20. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. SP Faycal's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. One of the initial members of the Sword of Convallaria. As a child, Faycal witnessed the destruction of his home by war. Even after meeting Maitha and Rawiyah, the shadow from the past in his heart could not be fully dispelled. This led to a withdrawn and insecure nature, making him especially cherish all he now possesses and ever wary of outsiders. After the victory of the Iria Liberation War, Faycal did not seek a life of ease, but instead chose to enter the harsh military academy as a new recruit. With exceptional archery talent and relentless diligence, Faycal soon distinguished himself and became recognized as a formidable figure among the younger generation. Meanwhile, the trials of war and the tempering of the army brought about a swift transformation in his character. Faycal is now calm and composed, thorough and dependable in all matters. With a strong sense of responsibility, he leaves no stone unturned in his careful planning, often resolving issues before others even notice. Amidst the prevailing peace, Faycal made a keen and precise assessment of the situation on Vltar Mountain, successfully repelling the threat from Elaman and quelling the unrest across the Great Sea of Sand. Once a youth lacking in security, Faycal has now grown confident and steadfast, becoming a pillar of strength for his comrades in battle... Faycal's remarkable transformation even took Maitha by surprise. Yet, the desire to grow, to make a striking entrance, and to protect everyone had already taken root in his heart as a child. When faced with unfamilair situations, Faycal still reveals a hint of youthful inexperience—this arrow, honed to defend peace, remains the same familiar, sincere youth in everyone's memory. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.