SoC | Geralt Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Geralt Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Geralt Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Geralt in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Geralt Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor The Witcher 3 Collab Guide The Witcher 3 Collab Characters Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri Geralt's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Watcher Faction Dimension Traveler Drifter Fortitude Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Geralt's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Both Durable and Offensive - Adaptable due to Sign Skills and Potions - Effective Against Single and Multiple Targets - Important to Slot the Correct Skills How to Get - Summon from the Limited-Time The Witcher 3 Collaboration Banner Geralt Pros and Strength Geralt's Character Overview Well-rounded Attacker Self-Buffs with Potions Flexible Sign Skills Versatile Builds Well-Rounded Attacker Geralt is a well-rounded Attacker who has both offense and defense while also possessing a Skill capable of inflicting Knockbacks and various debuffs. Due to restrictions on Skill usage, Geralt can't use all of his abilities simultaneously, but he is a character that can be expected to be highly effective in most team compositions . Self-Buffs with Potions Geralt has the Trait Skill [Witcher Potions] and can access four potion Skills. While only two can be active at the same time, they can be reused after their duration expires, allowing you to gain an advantage by using the right potion Skill for the situation . Flexible Sign Skills Geralt has a total of five different Sign Skills that can only be used once per turn, each with a completely different effect. Some are (Decision) Skills where you choose one of two Skills with different effects, so you should set them up depending on how you want to play Geralt. Versatile Builds While Geralt is a character who can be effective in numerous types of content, for that reason, there is no single definitive build. Decide what role Geralt will play in advance, set his Sign Skills and drink his potions according to the stage, while providing support from other characters to reach his true potential. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Geralt Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Geralt has 3 noteable breakpoints when it comes to his Star Level-Ups. 3-stars increases his movement by 1 tile, 4-stars allows him to apply debuffs, and 5-stars for the NRG cost reduction. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Geralt General Use Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Powerful Attack Fleet Footed Battle Trance Skill Finisher: Whirl Igni Sign Bonds of Kaer Morhen Weapon Trinket Tarot Witcher's Swords Shield of Justice Verdict of Justice This is a general use build for use against multiple enemies. Open fights with [Igni: Rotation] and then follow-up with [Finisher: Whirl] to deal damage to grouped enemies. Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Powerful Attack Fleet Footed Battle Trance Skill Finisher: Rend Yrden: Spin Attack Bonds of Kaer Morhen Weapon Trinket Tarot Void Stab Shield of Justice Verdict of Justice This is a single-target build for bosses. First, apply debuffs with [Yrden: Spin Attack] and then use [Finisher: Rend] to dish out damage. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Geralt Witcher's Swords Void Stab Cornucopia Dagger The Witcher's Swords , which can greatly increase attack and defense, and the Void Stab , which can greatly increase damage dealt with Critical Enhancement, are especially recommended. Recommended Trinkets for Geralt Shield of Justice Maverick's Cloak Roaring Flint Trinkets that can increase stats or have attack Skills are recommended. Recommended Tarots for Geralt Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil If you've collected shards and advanced Geralt's Star Level, Justice is especially recommended. Other compatible options include Magician , which greatly enhances AoE attacks, and Devil which boosts overall stats. Recommended Engravings for Geralt Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Sword + Wand to increase stats, Wand + Wand to gain numerous buffs, and Wand + Cup to reduce NRG consumption are recommended. Geralt's Trait & Skills Geralt's Trait Trait Max Effect [Geralt of Rivia] M.ATK is unaffected by Buffs and Debuffs and always equals P.ATK. Gains skill Witcher Potions . Increases Crit by 30%, Movement by 1 tile, and reduces all skill NRG costs by 1. ✦ After using any potion , gains Regeneration II and DMG Reduction II for 3 turns. ✦ After performing physical attacks, inflicts ▽P.DEF II on the target for 3 turns. After performing magical attacks, inflicts ▽M.DEF II on the targets for 3 turns. ✦ At the start of battle, gains 2 stacks of Quen Shield . See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect M.ATK is unaffected by Buffs and Debuffs and always equals P.ATK. Gains skill Witcher Potions . Increases Crit by 30% and Movement by 1 tile. ✦ After using any potion , gains Regeneration II and DMG Reduction I for 3 turns. ✦ After performing physical attacks, inflicts ▽P.DEF I on the target for 3 turns. After performing magical attacks, inflicts ▽M.DEF I on the targets for 3 turns. ✦ At the start of battle, gains 1 stack of Quen Shield . M.ATK is unaffected by Buffs and Debuffs and always equals P.ATK. Gains skill Witcher Potions . Increases Crit by 20% and Movement by 1 tile. ✦ After using any potion , gains Regeneration I and DMG Reduction I for 3 turns. ✦ At the start of battle, gains 1 stack of Quen Shield . M.ATK is unaffected by Buffs and Debuffs and always equals P.ATK. Gains skill Witcher Potions . Increases Crit by 20%. ✦ After using any potion , gains Regeneration I for 3 turns. M.ATK is unaffected by Buffs and Debuffs and always equals P.ATK. Gains skill Witcher Potions Increases Crit by 10%. Geralt's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Quen Sign [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Sign Skill Selects to activate the Quen: Swiftguard or Quen: Fortified . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Igni Sign [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Sign Skill Selects to activate the Igni: Rotation or Igni: Firestream . ✦ Before activating any Igni Sign , the character gains Armor Piercing for 1 turn. Finisher: Whirl [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Deals 3 hits of 50% AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Aard Sign [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Sign Skill Selects to activate Aard: Blast or Aard: Storm . Finisher: Rend [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Deals 180% AoE DMG to all targets within 4 tiles in front; before attacking, ATK increases by 40%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Hardening - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. After being attacked, the character gains DMG Reduction II for 2 turns. Fleet Footed - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Reduces DMG taken by 20% and ranged DMG taken by an additional 20%. When targeted by single-target attacks, performs Dodge . Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. ✦ Performs Assisting Cover for Dimension Traveler allies within 3 tiles of the character when they take physical attacks . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Yrden: Spin Attack [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Sign Skill Instant For all enemies within 3 tiles of of the character, inflicts ▽Move II , ▽SPD II , and Vulnerable II on them before they attack for 2 turns, then deals 2 hits of 30% AoE DMG. Geralt's Composure - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) Reduces DMG taken by 20%; when attacking targets with Bound , DMG increases by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Sealing Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ✗ Passive Skills on Injured targets before attacking, lasting for 2 turns. Powerful Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 110% Physical DMG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Axii: Execution [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Sign Skill Instant Single-target attack. Before attacking, inflicts Stagger , ✗Passive Skills , and Reaction Skills on the target for 2 turns, then deals 70% DMG. Bonds of Kaer Morhen - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Leader's Aura) For all Dimension Traveler allies in battle, increases ATK by 10% and DEF by 20%. Increases DMG and piercing DMG by 10%; when attacking targets with Bound , additionally increases by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Valiant Vanguard - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When there are 2 or more enemies within 2 tiles of the character, DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. Battle Trance - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Each time DMG is dealt, gains 1 stack of Battle Trance ; when dealing DMG through Finisher: Rend , the character can gain 5 stacks. ✦ Each stack of Battle Trance additionally increases DMG dealt by 2%. Weapons That Geralt Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword Geralt's Voice Actor Geralt Voice Actor VA English VA: Doug Cockle Geralt's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Geralt of Rivia is a veteran witcher of the Wolf School who makes his living on the Path, hunting monsters for coin. He is a master swordsman and an exceptional warrior: meticulous, diligent and professional. The grueling experiments and genetic mutations he endured during his training granted him superhuman senses, phenomenal reflexes, and an immunity to most diseases and toxins, including certain toxic potions only witchers can consume. But these abilities came at a price. The mutations left him with cat-like eyes and stark white hair, forever marking him as an outsider among humankind. Yet, no matter the prejudice and scorn he faces, beneath his hardened, cynical exterior lies a dry wit, a quiet compassion, and a genuine desire to protect the innocent. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.