SoC | Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:35 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Inanna in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Inanna Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor Inanna Variants Inanna (Original) SP Inanna List of Available Banners Inanna's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Watcher Faction Iria Discipline Sword of Convallaria Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Inanna's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Has the strongest skill "Act Again" - Possesses the one and only "Summon" skill - Heals allies and applies buffs at the end of action - Has Iria's Faction aura How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Inanna Pros and Strength Inanna's Character Overview Possesses rare Act Again buff Powerful Trait that summons a character Top tier healer Can pivot to attacker Possesses Rare Act Again Buff Inanna has an invaluable skill that allows an allied character to act again after their turn ends. This skill is extremely versatile and can be used in various situations, such as enabling an attacker to act again or launching a ranged attack that normally requires a preparatory turn. Powerful Trait That Summons a Character In addition to healing allies and providing buffs, she has a very powerful trait that summons the character 'Guard of the Princess'. The Guard of the Princess can be controlled manually and has access to his own skills, who will serve as an additional free character that is not counted in your Deploy limit. Top Tier Healer Inanna's Trait allows her to passively heal nearby friendly characters. In addition to that, Inanna also has access to powerful healing skills and dispels such as her Rank 11 [Flight of the Princess] and Princess's Comfort. While Inanna also has access to minor buffs like Co-Attack and Co-Defense, we suggest bringing a separate character to apply those buffs, as Inanna will typically spend her turns healing. Can Pivot to Attacker With the addition of SP Inanna , the original Inanna can pivot towards an attacker playstyle thanks to the addition of her SP skill. Remember that doing so will require a change of equipment and some skills, meaning her potency as a healer will be affected. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Inanna Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Inanna is already strong even without star upgrades, but she gets even better at each key star level. At 3-stars, she can heal more allies; at 4-stars, her healing range increases; and at 5-stars, her summons become stronger. If you’re focusing on her healing role, aim for 3-stars or 4-stars—go for 5-stars if you want to boost her survivability since her summon becomes a more capable tank. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Inanna Attacker Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Merciful Strike Battlefield Trial Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Convallaria - Blooming Horizon Princess's Prayer Flight of the Princess Weapon Trinket Tarot Diffusing Prism Blood Luxite Amulet Dream of The Magician By providing Inanna with a support that can recover NRG, she can transition from her usual Support playstyle and viably take on the role of a magical AoE attacker that uses [Convallaria - Blooming Horizon] every turn. Note! Since this setup is built around Inanna's SP skill , note that you will need to own Inanna of Convallaria in order to use it. Support Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Merciful Strike Battlefield Trial Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Princess's Comfort Princess's Prayer Flight of the Princess Weapon Trinket Tarot Cornucopia Staff Old Scrolls of Auguste Guidance of the World Adapt your playstyle by slotting [Healing Spell], a single-target heal, and [Soul Mate], a low-CD support skill, depending on the stage. For Tarots, Guidance of the World helps alleviate NRG needs, while March of The Chariot allows Inanna to maneuver the stage better. Of course, you could also build Inanna as a generic healer with the typical healer equips. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Princess's Prayer ★★★★★ Easily considered Inanna's best skill, its unique Act Again effect allows for various uses like reusing Attackers, stacking Support, or Healing. It's an extremely powerful Skill so prioritize including it in your build. Battlefield Trial ★★★★★ A Reaction that reduces damage taken and increases M.ATK. Since increasing M.ATK also increases healing amount, this Reaction is recommended. Merciful Strike ★★★★★ Since it can enhance the effect of Inanna's healing Skills this Basic Attack is recommended. Princess's Comfort ★★★★ Although it's slightly difficult to use because it is self-centered, it's a valuable AoE healing + debuff removal Skill. Armor Piercing Strike ★★★★ If other characters cannot apply P.DEF or M.DEF DOWN debuffs, including this Basic Attack is a viable support option. Flight of the Princess ★★★★ The Trait targets all surrounding allies, and it's a powerful Skill that increases healing amount by 50%. Due to [Invisibility], Inanna cannot be targeted by single-target attacks, allowing her to obstruct the enemy's path. Prioritize including it in your build if Inanna is focused on healing. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Healing Spell ★★★ Include in build when focusing on single-target healing rather than AoE. Guard! ★★★ Warps a Summoned Unit nearby and strengthens it. If the Summoned Unit is defeated, it can be re-summoned, so include it in your build if you're lacking a dedicated tank and need [Assisting Cover]. Soul Mate ★★★ Nearby allies increase the potency of the ATK and DEF increases. Since it's an easy-to-use ally-buffing Skill, add it to your builds instead of a healing Skill if you are focused on supporting. Protection of Light ★★ If you want to reduce damage taken from single-target attacks, include this Reaction in your build instead of [Battlefield Trial]. Light of Sanction ★★ AoE attack & buff removal Skill. In stages where buff removal is necessary, include it in your build if you lack dispels from other allies. M.DEF Command ★★ Slot if you want to reduce magic damage taken. Defense Boost ★ Including it in your build is viable if you want to reduce physical damage taken. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Inanna Magic Ladle Diffusing Prism Reorganized Cube The [Cornucopia Staff] is our top recommendation for its ability to restore NRG. Other viable options include the [Reorganized Cube], which boosts healing effects, and the [Starry Sky Heritage], which increases both HP and magic attack. Recommended Trinkets for Inanna Old Scrolls of Auguste Blood Luxite Amulet Space-time Ring The [Space-time Ring] is recommended for Inanna since it's a Trinket that can provide support and has good synergy with Inanna, who tends to lag behind her allies. Otherwise, you could opt to equip [Mysterious Deflection Device], which lessens ranged damage taken, or even [Cooling Powder], to ensure your Inanna is always capable of healing herself. Recommended Tarots for Inanna Mercy of The High Priestess Dream of The Magician - Recommended options include [The High Priestess] and [The Empress], which synergize well with healers, and Tarots like [The World] and [The Chariot], which activate while on Standby. Recommended Engravings for Inanna Resonance Effect Cup Cup Increases Healing Effect by 10% and Healing Received by 10% . Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) We highly recommend [Wand + Cup] to allow Inanna to potentially cast her [Act Again] skill every turn. Other options include [Cup + Cup] for increased healing, and [Sword + Pentacle] to conditionally increase her durability and healing. Heal Yourself Getting damaged deactivates the effects of [Sword + Pentacle], so remember to heal Inanna so that she regains the [Unharmed] state and reactivates the engraving resonance. Inanna's Trait & Skills Inanna's Trait Trait Max Effect [Pearl of Iria] At the start of the battle, Inanna summons 1 Guard of the Princess . At the end of the turn, she heals the 2 allies with the lowest HP percentage within 4 tiles of herself for 25% of her M.ATK and grants them 1 random Level 2 Buff for 2 turns. Guard of the Princess 's ATK and DEF increase by 15% . The skill to summon Guard of the Princess can be used an additional 2 times per battle. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect At the start of the battle, Inanna summons 1 Guard of the Princess . At the end of the turn, she heals the 2 allies with the lowest HP percentage within 4 tiles of herself for 25% of her M.ATK and grants them 1 random Level 2 Buff for 2 turns. At the start of the battle, Inanna summons 1 Guard of the Princess . At the end of the turn, she heals the 2 allies with the lowest HP percentage within 3 tiles of herself for 20% of her M.ATK and grants them 1 random Level 2 Buff for 2 turns. At the start of the battle, Inanna summons 1 Guard of the Princess . At the end of the turn, she heals the 1 ally with the lowest HP percentage within 3 tiles of herself for 20% of her M.ATK and grants them 1 random Level 2 Buff for 2 turns. Inanna summons 1 Guard of the Princess . At the end of the turn, she heals the 1 ally with the lowest HP percentage within 3 tiles of herself for 20% of her M.ATK and grants them 1 random Level 1 Buff for 2 turns. Inanna's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Healing Spell [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Healing) Heals the target by 100% of M.ATK and dispels 1 debuff on the target. SP Skill Skill Range Convallaria - Blooming Horizon [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Deals magical DMG equal to 100% P.ATK to all enemies in a 3x3 area in front; after attacking, the character gains DMG Reduction II for 2 turns. When hitting only 1 enemy, the skill multiplier is increased to 150%. The SP Skill is unlocked when SP Inanna learns RK1 Convallaria Swordplay and Inanna (Original) is upgraded to 3-stars. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Princess's Prayer [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Support) Allows 1 ally that has already acted to Act Again , and grants this ally △ ATK II and △ M.DEF II for 2 turns. If the target is the Guard of the Princess , additionally heals the Guard for 60% M.ATK. Defense Boost [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 3 (Support) Grants △ P.DEF to all allies within the target location and grants immunity to Defense Attribute Debuffs , lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Princess's Comfort [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Healing) Inanna heals all allies within a 2-tile radius for 60% of her M.ATK and dispels 2 of their debuffs. Guard! [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Teleports the Guard of the Princess in front of Inanna and grants sthe Guard Potential Burst for 2 turns. When the Guard is defeated, the skill summons a new Guard of the Princess . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Battlefield Trial - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Decreases DMG taken by 8%. For each character defeated within 5 tiles around the character, increases M.ATK by 6%, up to 30%. Protection of Light - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active single-target attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 30%. This effect can be activated 1 time per round. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Soul Mate [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 2 (Support) Grants all allies within 3 tiles around the character Co-Attack and Co-Defense for 3 turns. For Iria allies, the target count for Co-Attack and Co-Defense is additionally increased by 1. Light of Sanction [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Magical DMG) Deals 70% AoE DMG to all enemies within a 2-tile radius of the target and dispel 2 buffs . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Armor Piercing Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 80% magical DMG and inflicts ▽ P.DEF I and ▽ M.DEF I on the target for 2 turns. Merciful Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 80% magical DMG and increases the effect of the next healing skill by 15%, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range M.DEF Command - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) Increases M.DEF by 30% for other allies within 2 tiles around the character. Flight of the Princess [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 5 (Healing) Inanna sacrifices 90% of her current HP to dispel all Debuffs , she gains Invisibility and △ Healing V , and expands the range of Trait skills by 2 times. She heals all allies within range. All effects last for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Form of Steadfast Stone - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect HP is increased by 15% and Piercing DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Loyal Protection - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Each Guard of the Princess gains the category of Sword of Convallaria, increases Movement by 3 tiles, ATK and DEF by 40%, and gains skill Whirlwind Slash . ✦ Traits are additionally effective to Guards of the Princess within range while triggering Rally Response . ✦ When traits heal non- Guard of the Princess allies, trigger their [Rally Response). Weapons That Inanna Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Focus Wand Resentment Broom Guardian's Will Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Dagger Cornucopia Staff Nocturnal Glow Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dawnmoon Dream Turbidity Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Magic Ladle Frostspine Grip Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Witcher's Swords Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Solid Wand Astral Rod Iron Sword Apprentice Wand Inanna's Voice Actor Inanna Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Yasuno Kiyono Chinese VA: Gui Niang Inanna's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. The third child of Iria's royal family. Kindhearted and gentle by nature, she strives to become a competent princess in order to contribute to her country. Inanna has inherited her deceased mother's beauty and is deeply loved by everyone. She is popular among the citizens — some even believe that Iria's throne should be passed down to her. Amid the tense situation in Waverun City, Inanna voluntarily proposed a visit to appease the people and avoid bloodshed. However, during her speech, the situation spiraled out of control and ultimately led to a violent conflict... Sword of Convallaria Related Guides [soc_character_footer] vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.