SoC | Lutfi Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Lutfi Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Lutfi Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Lutfi in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Lutfi Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Lutfi's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Seeker Faction Iria Alacrity The Union Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 5 Normal 2 2 Lutfi's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Debuff and DoT Specialist - Cannot be Targeted - Passively Increases Damage by 30% - Critical Build Viable How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Lutfi Pros and Strength Lutfi's Character Overview Excels at Applying Debuffs & DoT Untargetable with Decoy Passively Applies Vulnerable III Viable as a Critical Attacker Possesses Many Other Useful Skills Build Differences Excels at Applying Debuffs & DoT Lutfi is a Seeker who excels at applying powerful debuffs and DoTs. By applying DoTs with his Trait and Basic Attacks, and using [Decoy], he becomes an extremely powerful character who can unilaterally defeat enemies without the risk of taking damage. Apply DoT with Debuff Skills Through his Trait, when using "Support" and "Debuff" skills on an enemy, he applies [Life Loss], a DoT effect that scales with his P.ATK. This can also be applied using Disaster Bottle . Untargetable with Decoy [Decoy] pulls in enemies within 3 tiles, applies debuffs, and grants the [Decoy] effect, making Lutfi untargetable by enemies. Since he won't take damage from anything other than AoE Attacks or forced-target attacks, Lutfi can remain unharmed even in the center of an enemy group. Lutfi can freely continue to apply debuffs and DoT while remaining safe. Take advantage of the opening that Decoy provides. Cannot Use Skills While "Planning" is Active Once the [Decoy] effect ends, Lutfi gains the "Planning" debuff, and you cannot use [Decoy] again. Be careful, since Lutfi becomes defenseless while it is active. Note that by increasing his Star Level, the duration of "Planning" shortens; it starts at 3 turns but can be reduced to as short as 1 turn. Passively Applies Vulnerable III With the passive Skill [Alienation], you can apply a powerful debuff to 3 surrounding enemies every turn. Among them, "Vulnerable III" has the effect of increasing enemy damage taken by 30% and is an extremely powerful debuff that only NonoWill possessed until Lutfi's implementation. Although it doesn't affect DoTs, it can significantly increase the damage dealt by allies' physical and magical attacks. Viable as a Critical Attacker With attack Skills like [Checkmate] and [Extreme Edge] that significantly increase Critical Rate & Damage, Lutfi can also be used as a critical attacker. His Trait greatly increases his P.ATK, and with a high skill multiplier, he can deal some of the highest burst damage among all characters, making him effective even against enemies when DoT is not useful. Consider Castalia Costs and NRG Consumption The critical attacker build generally requires the opposite side skills from the debuff & DoT build, so switching between builds requires a large amount of Castalia. Also, be aware that as a critical attacker, his NRG consumption is very high, requiring upgrades to 5-stars and support from other characters. Possesses Many Other Useful Skills He possesses many other useful Skills, such as a Leader's Aura that greatly strengthens characters from the Alacrity Faction, and a Skill that creates [Burning] tiles & applies DoT. Builds and Details Debuff/DoT Build While DoT can consistently deal effective damage to enemies with shields or high defense, it is not effective against enemies that remove debuffs or reduce DoT. He has the unique ability to deal damage unilaterally against multiple targets by using [Decoy], making this a highly recommended build. Attacker Build While extremely powerful in situations where you need high burst/sustained damage, it becomes less effective against groups of enemies or against enemies with Physical Shields, high defense, or damage reduction. He is excellent because he can also support allies with [Alienation] and his Leader's Aura, but in terms of being a dedicated critical attacker, there are other powerful characters who can perform the same role, such as Estra and SP Rawiyah . Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Lutfi Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ Increasing Lutfi's stars primarily increases his attack power and enhances the potency of his DoTs. Additionally, star levels add an effect that applies a debuff at the end of each turn. First, raise the character to 3★ to shorten the duration of [Planning] by 1 turn in addition to gaining the base bonuses. Ultimately, aim for 5★ to reduce the [Planning] duration by another turn and unlock an NRG Recovery effect as well. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Lutfi DoT Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Hidden Piece Disturbance Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Decoy Alienation Game-Breaking Flame Weapon Trinket Tarot Blade of Stratagem Disaster Bottle Temptation of The Devil This is a build that specializes in debuffs & Damage Over Time, making the most of Lutfi's characteristics. Due to the effects of [Decoy], he will not be targeted by enemies, so it is basically possible to defeat them with Damage Over Time without taking damage, even while standing within a group of enemies. Critical Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Discovered Check Disturbance Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Checkmate Extreme Edge Alienation Weapon Trinket Tarot Blade of Stratagem Disaster Bottle Verdict of Justice This is a build for a Critical Attacker. Lutfi's skill greatly boosts both Critical Rate and Damage, allowing you to consistently land Guaranteed Critical Hits with proper team support, and unleash extremely high Total Damage. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Alienation ★★★★★ A passive that applies a very powerful debuff to surrounding enemies at the end of your turn. In particular, [Vulnerable III] is a debuff previously exclusive to NonoWill , increasing damage taken by enemies by 30%. Prioritize this skill in your build. Disturbance ★★★★★ A powerful Reaction skill that applies a debuff and DoTs to surrounding enemies at the end of your turn. When using our debuff & DoT build, this effect will always trigger since it does not deal direct damage. Decoy ★★★★★ A powerful skill that gathers enemies within 3 tiles around you, applies a debuff, and makes you untargetable by enemies. In battles against multiple enemies, combine this with DoT skills to defeat foes without letting them act. Be cautious, since Lutfi is still susceptible to AoE Attacks or forced-targeting attacks. Hidden Piece ★★★★★ An unusual Basic Attack that applies a debuff without dealing direct damage. It synergizes well with the Reaction [Alienation], allowing multiple debuffs and DoT effects to be applied simultaneously. Game-Breaking Flame ★★★★★ A skill that applies DoT and creates [Burning] tiles in an area. It can halt enemy movement while applying DoT, making it a top priority for your build. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Checkmate ★★★ The main skill for an attacker build. Although it cannot be used consistently, it boosts Critical and Critical Damage, delivering very high total damage against all targets. All's Fair in War ★★ Useful for repositioning Lutfi closer to groups of enemies or enemies on high ground in specific stages by allowing you to teleport behind an enemy. Extreme Edge ★★ For attacker builds, use this skill when the main skill [Checkmate] is on cooldown, since it cannot be used consecutively. Moment of Crisis ★★ A Leader’s Aura that boosts units from the Alacrity Faction. It greatly increases ATK against enemies with 3 or more debuffs, and also boosts ATK when attacking outside your turn. Priority is low due to many other preferred skills. Discovered Check ★★ A Basic Attack that applies an Attribute Debuff and performs [Dodge] and Pursuit when hit by a [Strike Back]. Include this in your attacker build. Summon Bodyguard ★ A skill that summons a character with knockbacks and [Assisting Cover] Skills. Use this whenever you're lacking a dedicated tank. Full Victory ★ An aura that provides critical enhancements to nearby allies. Especially useful when your party includes multiple critical attackers. NRG Recovery ★ For the critical attacker builds. Since Lutfi can’t benefit from the other Reaction [Disturbance], equip this skill instead. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Lutfi Blade of Stratagem Newborn Blade Void Stab For a DoT build, Blade of Stratagem and Newborn Blade , which greatly boost P.ATK, are recommended. For a critical build, in addition to Blade of Stratagem , Void Stab is also recommended for its Critical Enhancement effect. Recommended Trinkets for Lutfi Disaster Bottle Maverick's Cloak Shield of Justice The Disaster Bottle , which applies DoT via its Trait when using a Gear Skill, is highly recommended. Trinkets that boost P.ATK—a stat that influences DoT damage—are also effective choices. Recommended Tarots for Lutfi Temptation of The Devil - Verdict of Justice In multi-target battles, Devil is the top recommendation, since it significantly boosts stats including P.ATK. Other good options include Hanged Men, which increases the potency of DoTs, and Justice , which synergizes well with an Attacker Build. Another notable option is Judgement , which increases the DMG enemies take. Recommended Engravings for Lutfi Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Sword + Wand and Sword + Pentacle are especially recommended for increasing Lutfi's stats. Lutfi's Trait & Skills Lutfi's Trait Trait Max Effect [Smiling Mask] ATK is increased by 10%. At the start of the turn, locks onto 4 random enemies within 6 tiles of the character, removes their Alert status, and additionally inflicts 1 random Level 2 Debuff , lasting for 2 turns. When receiving Planning , its duration is reduced to 1 turn. At the end of the turn, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Each debuff inflicted on the target before attacking increases the character's ATK by 5%, up to 40%. After casting a support or debuff skill to the enemy, for each debuff the target has, inflicts Life Loss equal to 5% of P.ATK, up to 35% of P.ATK for 2 turns. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ATK is increased by 5%. At the start of the turn, locks onto 4 random enemies within 6 tiles of the character, removes their Alert status, and additionally inflicts 1 random Level 2 Debuff , lasting for 2 turns. When receiving Planning , its duration is reduced to 2 turns. Each debuff inflicted on the target before attacking increases the character's ATK by 5%, up to 30%. After casting a support or debuff skill to the enemy, for each debuff the target has, inflicts Life Loss equal to 5% of P.ATK, up to 25% of P.ATK for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. ATK is increased by 5%. At the start of the turn, locks onto 3 random enemies within 4 tiles of the character and removes their Alert status. When receiving Planning , its duration is reduced to 2 turns. Each debuff inflicted on the target before attacking increases the character's ATK by 5%, up to 30%. After casting a support or debuff skill to the enemy, for each debuff the target has, inflicts Life Loss equal to 5% of P.ATK, up to 25% of P.ATK for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. At the start of the turn, locks onto 3 random enemies within 4 tiles of the character and removes their Alert status. Each debuff inflicted on the target before attacking increases the character's ATK by 5%, up to 20%. After casting a support or debuff skill to the enemy, for each debuff the target has, inflicts Life Loss equal to 5% of P.ATK, up to 15% of P.ATK for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. At the start of the turn, locks onto 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character and removes their Alert status. Each debuff inflicted on the target before attacking increases the character's ATK by 5%, up to 20%. After casting a support or debuff skill to the enemy, for each debuff the target has, inflicts Life Loss equal to 5% of P.ATK, up to 15% of P.ATK for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. Lutfi's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. All's Fair in War [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Support) Gains All's Fair in War , lasting for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Extreme Edge [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) A single-target attack. Deals 150% DMG; if the target is in Injured state, Crit and Crit DMG are additionally increased by 30% when attacking, ignoring Assisting Cover . Summon Bodyguard [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 2 (Support) Summons a Bodyguard . Only 1 can exist at a time. Can be used up to 2 times per battle. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Full Victory - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Aura) Increases Crit by 20% and Crit DMG by 10% for all allies within 3 tiles of the character. Alienation - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) At the end of the turn, locks onto 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character, inflicting ✗Assist , ▽ATK II , and Vulnerable III for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range NRG Recovery - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Disturbance - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) At the end of the turn, if no DMG was dealt during this turn, inflicts 1 random Level 2 Attribute Debuff and Life Loss equal to 40% of P.ATK on 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Moment of Crisis - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Leader's Aura) For all Alacrity allies in battle, increases ATK by 10%, and DEF by 20%. When actively attacking or casting support or debuff skills, if the enemy has 3 or more debuffs , the character's ATK is increased by 18% and gains Master Strategist , lasting for 1 turn. Decoy [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Debuff) Gathers all enemies within 3 tiles of the character to the surrounding area, then inflicts ▽Move II , and ✗Active Skills for 1 turn. The character also gains Decoy , lasting for 3 turns; when the effect ends, receives Planning , lasting for 3 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Discovered Check [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Single-target attack. Deals 100% physical DMG, and inflicts 2 random Level 2 Attribute Debuffs , lasting for 2 turns; if the opponent triggers attack during the skill, performs Dodge , and then pursuit, dealing 40% physical DMG and the character moves back by 1 tile. Hidden Piece [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack/Debuff) Steals 3 buffs from the enemy and inflicts 1 random Level 2 Attribute Debuff and Life Loss equal to 80% of P.ATK, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Checkmate [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Teleports behind the enemy and deals 100% AoE DMG 4 times to random enemies within 2 tiles of the target; if attacking the same target repeatedly, DMG to that target is reduced by 50%. Before attacking, Crit and Crit DMG are additionally increased by 50%; after attacking, the character receives Planning , lasting for 3 turns. Game-Breaking Flame [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Debuff) Inflicts 2 stacks of Ignition on all enemies within a 1-tile radius of the target location and turns the tile into Burning . All effects last for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Form of Steadfast Stone - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect HP is increased by 15% and Piercing DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Weapons That Lutfi Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword Lutfi's Voice Actor & Release Date Lutfi Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Namikawa Daisuke Released on Friday, July 18 Lutfi was released on Friday, July 18. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Lutfi's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. The second-born prince of the Kingdom of Iria whose appearance favors his mother as much as his brother resembles their father. Knowledgeble and eloquent, Lutfi is fiercely invested in finding a solution to Iria's current problems. Despite his active interest in his country's future, the lack of recognition from his father and elder brother has been a constant source of frustration, further igniting his desire to prove himself. Lutfi believes that he is the one who must guide Iria towards a brother future, and is determined to find his own path to do so. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.