SoC | SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:29 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for SP Inanna in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents SP Inanna Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Skill Tree Unlock Priorities Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Inanna Variants Inanna (Original) SP Inanna SP Inanna's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Watcher Faction Iria Sword of Convallaria Fortitude Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 SP Inanna's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Excels at Support and AoE attacks - Grants [Act Again] with Trait - Best Used with and Factions - At 5-stars, grants self Act Again How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) SP Inanna Pros and Strength SP Inanna's Character Overview Excels at support and AoE M.ATK. Grants Act Again. Greatly enhances ally stats. Powerful AoE attacks and knockback. Deploy her with characters who excel at debuffing. Excels at Support and AoE M.ATK "Inanna of Convallaria" (hereafter referred to as SP Inanna) is arguably the strongest character in game, excelling in ally support, AoE M.ATK, and Move. She has access to [Act Again], and powerful support effects that enhances all allies, and attack Skills effective against both single and multiple targets. As such, she is expected to be effective in various stages. Grants Act Again with Her Trait SP Inanna accumulates stacks of "Free Will" through her Trait and some Skills, and by consuming 8 stacks, she can use [Call of Freedom], which has an Act Again effect. At 5-stars, whenever she uses it on another character, she herself also gains Act Again, which greatly expands her strategic options and makes her more powerful, so prioritize her Star Level Up. Free Will/Call of Freedom Details Free Will Details Effect Can use [Call of Freedom] when holding 8 stacks. Can hold up to a maximum of 12 stacks. When the Reaction [Natural Sword Intent] is equipped, if defeated, consume 6 stacks to gain [Unyielding] & [DMG Reduction IX]. How to Stack - At the start of battle: Gain 6 stacks at 1-star, 8 stacks at 2-stars or higher. - At the end of turn: Gain 2 stacks at 1 to 3-stars, 3 stacks at 4-stars or higher. - [Light of Convallaria]: Gain 2 stacks upon use. Call of Freedom Details Effect at 1-2 Stars Instant, heals for 30% of P.ATK, and grants "Freedom Stance I". Can be activated once per turn. Freedom Stance I Effect: Can Act Again after using a non-Instant Skill. Effect at 3-Stars Instant, heals for 90% of P.ATK , grants [△DMG II] and [DMG Reduction II], and "Freedom Stance I". Can be activated once per turn. Freedom Stance I Effect: Can Act Again after using a non-Instant Skill. Effect at 4-Stars Instant, heals for 90% of P.ATK, grants [△DMG II] and [DMG Reduction II] , and " Freedom Stance II ". Can be activated once per turn. Freedom Stance II Effect: NRG+2. Can Act Again after using a non-Instant Skill. Effect at 5-Stars Instant, heals for 90% of P.ATK, grants [△DMG II] and [DMG Reduction II] , and "Freedom Stance II". Can be activated up to once per turn. If activated on an ally, she also gains all effects. Freedom Stance II Effect: NRG+2. Can Act Again after using a non-Instant Skill. Greatly Enhances Ally Stats By using the Skill [Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands], she summons a banner on a designated tile. Upon activation, it grants "Co-Attack" and "Co-Defense" buffs to all allies within 5 tiles of the designated tile. Additionally, while the banner exists, it has an effect that enhances all allies of the and Factions on the Field. Essentially, SP Inanna easily and significantly increases ally stats. Character Positions and Faction are Important The effects of "Co-Attack," "Co-Defense," and the Ascension Skill [United Strength] increase with more characters nearby, so it's important to always be aware of character positioning. Also, by including many characters from the and Factions in your party, their stats will be further increased, so keep this in mind as well. How to Unlock RK13 Skills Powerful AoE Attacks and Knockback Not only a support, SP Inanna also has powerful offensive capabilities. Access to AoE attacks with high multipliers, like [Convallaria - Blooming Horizon] and [For This World of Peace], whose damage increases further against single targets, she can act as an attacker against both single-target and multi-target battles. Additionally, she also has an AoE knockback and a passive Skill that extends knockback distance, allowing her to adapt to various situations. Conditional Weapon Bonus Dawnlight has the effect of increasing Magic Damage. Sp Inanna's main Skills, [Convallaria - Blooming Horizon] and [For This World of Peace], and the Basic Attack [Sword - Dawnlight] deal AoE M.DMG, and can benefit from the AoE M.DMG UP effect. On the other hand, the Skill [Convallaria - Windswept Blossom] and the Basic Attack [Sword - Dusk] are P.ATK, so be aware that they will not benefit from this effect. Gear Tier List - Best Weapons & Trinkets Pair SP Inanna with Debuffers While SP Inanna has powerful support and AoE attacks, she does not have Skills that directly apply debuffs. By pairing her with characters who are skilled at weakening enemies, you can create an advantageous party compositions for numerous stages. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for SP Inanna Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ 3-stars provides a large boost which increases Move and improves the performance of [Call of Freedom]. 5-stars, allows you to grant yourself Act Again via [Call of Freedom]. Most notably at 5-stars, SP Inanna's performance as a DPS becomes very high due to her access to Act Again. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for SP Inanna General Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Sword - Dawnlight Experienced Fighter United Strength Skill Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands Convallaria Swordplay Guarding the Sword of Convallaria Weapon Trinket Tarot Dawnlight Blood Luxite Amulet Dream of The Magician This build can provide powerful support to your allies while launching area attacks. With the effects of [Guarding the Sword of Convallaria] and your Ascension Skill, you become more powerful when acting with allies, so it's important to always be aware of your positioning. Note! The Reaction "Experienced Fighter" is an SP Skill that is unlocked when Inanna (Original) learns the RK5 "Battlefield Trial" and SP Inanna is upgraded to 3-stars. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Sword - Dawnlight ★★★★★ An excellent Basic Attack that deals "Magical AoE Damage" to a "single" Ranged target. It can benefit from the "Magical AoE DMG increase" effect of some Gear, so if you have such Gear equipped, the damage dealt will be higher. Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands ★★★★★ A Skill that provides very powerful support instantly, and switches to a powerful AoE attack after use. This is one of the best skills in the entire game, and it also stacks with the Flag of Convallaria tactical skill , so make it a top priority for your build. The more characters from the and Factions you have, the stronger the buffs you'll receive, so keep that in mind when forming your party. Experienced Fighter ★★★★★ A very powerful Reaction that grants the "Battlefield Trial" buff, which increases ATK under simple conditions, and "Free Will". When Battlefield Trial reaches MAX, you will also always gain the "Attack Command" buff. If you have Inanna (Original) , make it a top priority for your build. Convallaria Swordplay ★★★★ A Decision Skill with Magical AoE DMG and AoE Knockback. Basically, use [Convallaria - Blooming Horizon], but when you can aim for a fall kill or collision, use [Convallaria - Windswept Blossom]. Be aware that [Convallaria - Windswept Blossom] deals Physical DMG, so the "Magical AoE DMG increase" from Gear will have no effect. Guarding the Sword of Convallaria ★★★★ A passive with excellent effects, especially the base ATK increase. It's also appealing that the effect of increasing knockback distance makes it easier to aim for a fall kill. However, be aware that SP Inanna only has a few ways to deal Physical DMG. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Detailse Natural Sword Intent ★★★ Preempt is powerful, but you want to avoid being attacked if possible, especially in high-difficulty stages, so you should only include this in your build for stages where "Unyielding" can be effectively utilized. Sword - Dusk ★★★ A Basic Attack that can knockback. Since it deals Physical DMG, it won't benefit from the "Magical AoE DMG increase" effect on some Gear, but it has good synergy with the passive [Guarding the Sword of Convallaria], and the effect of converting buffs to debuffs makes it easier to aim for a fall kill via knockback. Light of Convallaria ★★ A Skill with the valuable effect of granting "Free Will". Include it in your build when you need a Move UP or want to use Act Again frequently. Let's Advance Together ★★ The effect is powerful, but since [Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands], which can grant the same buff, is extremely powerful, you'll generally want to use that Skill instead. Under the Flag of Convallaria ★★ The effect is powerful, but since [Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands], which can grant the same buff, is extremely powerful, you'll generally want to use that Skill instead. Battlefield Healing ★ Not particularly excellent in terms of durability, and you want to reduce the chances of taking damage, so its build priority is low. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for SP Inanna Dawnlight Nocturnal Glow Newborn Blade " Dawnlight ," which greatly increases Magic AoE damage, and " Nocturnal Glow ," which greatly strengthens allies when using a Support Skill, are especially recommended. If you don't have them, equip " Newborn Blade ," which increases P.ATK and HP, or " Cornucopia Dagger ," which is excellent for NRG Recovery. Recommended Trinkets for SP Inanna Blood Luxite Amulet Shield of Justice Old Scrolls of Auguste The " Blood Luxite Amulet " is the most recommended since it greatly increases Magic AoE damage. Other recommended Trinkets include the " Shield of Justice " and " Origin Hourglass " which raise stats, and the " Old Scrolls of Auguste " which has a Support Skill. Recommended Tarots for SP Inanna Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil Course of Fortune Tarots such as the Magician , which greatly increases area damage, or Devil , which increases stats. If your SP Inanna is only 1-2 stars, Fortune is also recommended for its NRG Recovery effect. Recommended Engravings for SP Inanna Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Cup When actively attacking, increases the DMG by 5% and grants 15% of [Life Steal]. Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. We recommend combinations like "Sword + Wand" and "Sword + Pentacle" to raise stats, "Sword + Cup" for its [Life Steal] effect, and "Wand + Wand" to gain additional buffs. SP Inanna Skill Unlock Priorities Recommended Skill Set * Tap a skill to view its details below. Normal United Strength RK13 Unique Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands RK11 Under the Flag of Convallaria Sword - Dawnlight RK9 Sword - Dusk Guarding the Sword of Convallaria RK7 Let's Advance Together Natural Sword Intent RK5 Battlefield Healing Brilliant Light RK3 Helping Hand Convallaria Swordplay RK1 Light of Convallaria 支援ビルドではRK1右のスキルも有用です。 Skill Details Convallaria Swordplay Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Decision) Selects to cast Convallaria - Blooming Horizon or Convallaria - Windswept Blossom . Light of Convallaria Cost: 2 CD: 2 (Support) The character gains 2 stacks of Free Will ; all allies within 3 tiles gain △[ATK II and △Move I for 2 turns and recover 1 NRG. Brilliant Light Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Aura) Reduces ATK and DEF of all enemies within 3 tiles of the character by 10%. Helping Hand Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Passive) After performing an active attack, heals 1 ally in battle with the lowest HP for 40% of P.ATK plus M.ATK. Natural Sword Intent Cost: - CD: - (Reaction) Before receiving an active single-target attack, performs a Preempt , dealing magical DMG equal to 100% P.ATK. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. When defeated, if the character has 6 or more stacks of Free Will , consumes 6 stacks to trigger Unyielding and gains DMG Reduction IX for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 1 time per battle. Battlefield Healing Cost: - CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, heals the ally with the lowest HP percentage within a 2-tile radius of the character by 100% of M.DEF. Guarding the Sword of Convallaria Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Passive) If there are 2 or more allies within 2 tiles of the character, reduces DMG taken by 20%; after dealing physical DMG, converts 2 buffs from the target into random Level 2 Attribute Debuffs for 2 turns. When knocking the targets back, increases the knockback distance by 1 tile. Let's Advance Together Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Passive) At the start of the turn, if there are 2 or more allies within 2 tiles of the character, all allies in range gain Co-Attack and Co-Defense for 2 turns. Sword - Dawnlight Cost: - CD: - (Basic Attack) Attacks the designated target, dealing magical AoE DMG equal to 100% P.ATK. Sword - Dusk Cost: - CD: - (Basic Attack) Attacks the designated target, dealing 110% physical AoE DMG and knocking back by 1 tile. Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands Cost: 3 CD: 3 (Support) Instant Summons Battle Flag of Convallaria on the target tile and grants Co-Attack and Co-Defense to all allies within 5 tiles for 2 turns. After casting, the skill switches to For This World of Peace . Under the Flag of Convallaria Cost: 0 CD: 0 (Leader's Aura) For all allies from Iria or Sword of Convallaria: Increases ATK by 10% and DEF by 20%; for each 1 ally from Iria or Sword of Convallaria in battle, increases DMG dealt by 3% and reduces DMG taken by 3%, up to 15%. United Strength Cost: - CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When there are 3 or more allies within 3 tiles of the character, DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. SP Inanna's Trait & Skills SP Inanna's Trait Trait Max Effect [Will of Freedom] ATK and DEF are increased by 25%; when having Free Will , Movement is increased by 2 tiles. At the start of the battle, gains 8 stacks of Free Will ; at the end of the turn, gains 3 stacks of Free Will . Gains an additional skill Call of Freedom . Cost: 8 stacks of Free Will . See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ATK and DEF are increased by 20%; when having Free Will , Movement is increased by 2 tiles. At the start of the battle, gains 8 stacks of Free Will ; at the end of the turn, gains 3 stacks of Free Will . Gains an additional skill Call of Freedom . Cost: 8 stacks of Free Will . ATK and DEF are increased by 15%; when having Free Will , Movement is increased by 2 tiles. At the start of the battle, gains 8 stacks of Free Will ; at the end of the turn, gains 2 stacks of Free Will . Gains an additional skill Call of Freedom . Cost: 8 stacks of Free Will . ATK and DEF are increased by 10%; when having Free Will , Movement is increased by 1 tile. At the start of the battle, gains 8 stacks of Free Will ; at the end of the turn, gains 2 stacks of Free Will . Gains an additional skill Call of Freedom . Cost: 8 stacks of Free Will and 2 NRG. When having Free Willl , Movement is increased by 1 tile. At the start of battle, gains 6 stacks of Free Will ; at the end of the turn, gains 2 stacks of Free Will . Gains an additional skill Call of Freedom . Cost: 8 stacks of Free Will and 2 NRG. SP Inanna's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Cure Blow [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 100% DMG and heals all allies within a 3-tile radius around the character by 40% of P.ATK. SP Skill Skill Range Battle-hardened Warrior - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Everytime a character within 5 tiles casts a non Instant skill, you gain a stack of Battlefield Experience : When the number of stacks reaches the upper limit, you will get an additional Attack Command , and after casting a non- Instant skill, you gain 1 stack of Free Will . The SP Skill is unlocked when Inanna (Original) learns RK5 Battlefield Trial and SP Inanna is enhanced to 3-stars. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Convallaria Swordplay [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Decision) Selects to cast Convallaria - Blooming Horizon or Convallaria - Windswept Blossom . Light of Convallaria [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 2 (Support) The character gains 2 stacks of Free Will ; all allies within 3 tiles gain △[ATK II and △Move I for 2 turns and recover 1 NRG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Brilliant Light - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Aura) Reduces ATK and DEF of all enemies within 3 tiles of the character by 10%. Helping Hand - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) After performing an active attack, heals 1 ally in battle with the lowest HP for 40% of P.ATK plus M.ATK. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Natural Sword Intent - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Before receiving an active single-target attack, performs a Preempt , dealing magical DMG equal to 100% P.ATK. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. When defeated, if the character has 6 or more stacks of Free Will , consumes 6 stacks to trigger Unyielding and gains DMG Reduction IX for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 1 time per battle. Battlefield Healing - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, heals the ally with the lowest HP percentage within a 2-tile radius of the character by 100% of M.DEF. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Guarding the Sword of Convallaria - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) If there are 2 or more allies within 2 tiles of the character, reduces DMG taken by 20%; after dealing physical DMG, converts 2 buffs from the target into random Level 2 Attribute Debuffs for 2 turns. When knocking the targets back, increases the knockback distance by 1 tile. Let's Advance Together - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) At the start of the turn, if there are 2 or more allies within 2 tiles of the character, all allies in range gain Co-Attack and Co-Defense for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Sword - Dawnlight [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Attacks the designated target, dealing magical AoE DMG equal to 100% P.ATK. Sword - Dusk [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Attacks the designated target, dealing 110% physical AoE DMG and knocking back by 1 tile. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Battle Flag of Convallaria Stands [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Summons Battle Flag of Convallaria on the target tile and grants Co-Attack and Co-Defense to all allies within 5 tiles for 2 turns. After casting, the skill switches to For This World of Peace . Under the Flag of Convallaria - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Leader's Aura) For all allies from Iria or Sword of Convallaria: Increases ATK by 10% and DEF by 20%; for each 1 ally from Iria or Sword of Convallaria in battle, increases DMG dealt by 3% and reduces DMG taken by 3%, up to 15%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range United Strength - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When there are 3 or more allies within 3 tiles of the character, DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. Weapons That SP Inanna Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword SP Inanna's Voice Actor & Release Date SP Inanna Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Yasuno Kiyono Released on Friday, August 1 SP Inanna was released on Friday, August 1. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. SP Inanna's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. The youngest of the three royal siblings of Iria, Inanna, was fond of wielding weapons in her childhood, kind-hearted, lively, and even somewhat willful. However, the death of Queen Sylvia made Inanna realize the responsibility she bore. From then on, she diligently studied how to become the perfect princess in everyone's eyes to relieve the nation's burdens. Inanna inherited her late mother's beauty and was deeply beloved by all, enjoying immense popularity among the citizens. Some even voiced that she should inherit the throne of Iria. During the tense situation in Waverun City, Inanna volunteered to go to Waverun City to console the people and avoid bloodshed. However, during her speech, the situation spiraled out of control, ultimately resulting in a bloody conflict... Having endured numerous pains and hardships, Inanna began to ponder what she truly desired. The salvation of the Irian people was what she wished for, not because of her status or others' expectations. Realizing her true heart, she was no longer bound by her identity as a princess. She liberated her suppressed self and became a true warrior. With confidence, freedom, and a valiant new demeanor, she joined the Sword of Convallaria. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.