SoC | Selina Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Selina Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Selina Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:30 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Selina in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Selina Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Selina's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Seeker Faction The Union Drifter Aggression Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 4 Normal 2 2 Selina's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Durable AoE Magic Attacker - Can Attack Consecutively - Grants Shields to Self and Allies - Can Adapt with Swordmarks How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Selina Pros and Strength Selina's Character Overview AoE M.DMG and Shields Holy Swordplay Enables Chain Attacks Managing Swordmarks is Essential Requires NRG Support AoE M.DMG and Shields Selina excels at AoE magic attacks and granting Shields to herself and allies, balancing high offensive and defensive capabilities. Depending on her build, she can be a very durable Seeker, so it's important to switch between enhancing her offensive power, her durability, or her support capabilities for allies depending on the stage and situation. Grants a 100% HP Physical Shield She has the Skill [Knight's Oath], which grants a Physical Shield equal to 100% of HP to allies in a wide area. The duration is short at 1 turn and the CD is long at 4, but its potency is extremely high, allowing you to increase the party's durability on many stages . Holy Swordplay Enables Chain Attacks Selina's main Skills are named Holy Swordplay, and If you have 5 stacks of "Sword Resonance," which can be obtained under certain conditions, Combo Accumulation can be activated instantly without needing to prepare, dealing massive damage at once. How to Stack Sword Resonance 1 If you have a Physical Shield at the end of your turn, gain 1 stack for every 25% of Max HP. 2 Gain 1 stack each time you gain a Shield. Sword Resonance can be obtained in the two ways listed above. Stack Sword Resonance through Selina's own Skills, Gear, or by receiving a Shield from an ally, and activate Combo Accumulation instantly. Recommended Allies Shield-Granting Characters Clara Simona Teadon Caris Falin Yserinde Managing Swordmarks is Essential By using [Sword Inscription], you can choose one of three Swordmarks to activate a powerful Passive effect. Understand the effects and uses of each Swordmark, and switch between them based on your role and the situation to gain an advantage in battle. The mechanics are complex, but by utilizing [Echo Swordmark], you can trigger Combo Accumulation up to 4 times, dealing overwhelming AoE damage. Swordmark Details Swordmark Effects and Uses Swordmark Name Effect/Use Luxite Swordmark - Restore 1 NRG when gaining Sword Resonance - When NRG is max, restore 50% HP + reduce Class Skill CD by 1 (once per turn) - When an attack is triggered by Combo Accumulation, heal the 2 allies with the lowest HP percentage within 5 tiles for 50% of P.ATK. Since Selina's main Skills have high NRG consumption, this Swordmark is recommended if you cannot support her with NRG Recovery from other Characters. It is also effective when you want to support yourself or allies with its HP recovery effect and the CD reduction for [Knight's Oath]. Swift Swordmark - Before activating Holy Swordplay, gain the effect "P.ATK/Crit/Crit DMG +50% when Combo Accumulation is triggered". Effective when you want to increase burst damage dealt, but if you have a high Shield amount or can gain many Shields to acquire a lot of Sword Resonance, [Echo Swordmark] will result in higher total damage. Therefore, it is recommended when your Shield amount is low or you have few ways to gain Shields. It's also an option if managing Sword Resonance is difficult. Echo Swordmark - When the preparation for Combo Accumulation is skipped, that Combo Accumulation is triggered consecutively. - When Holy Swordplay is activated, its active effect does not trigger; instead, Combo Accumulation is skipped and triggered instantly. →If you don't have 5 stacks of Sword Resonance when activating Holy Swordplay, this has no effect. →If you have 5 stacks of Sword Resonance when activating Holy Swordplay, you will perform a total of 3 attacks: "Instant Combo Accumulation triggers twice → Combo Accumulation triggers after preparation". → If you have 5 stacks of Sword Resonance when activating Holy Swordplay, AND you have 5 or more stacks of Sword Resonance again at the end of your turn, you will perform a total of 4 attacks: "Instant Combo Accumulation triggers twice → Instant Combo Accumulation triggers once again after the turn ends → Combo Accumulation triggers after preparation". The mechanics are complex, but by meeting the conditions, the number of Holy Swordplay attacks increases by 1-2, resulting in extremely high total damage. Recommended when you want to increase damage dealt. All Swordmarks are Instant Skills and remain active until switched. Basically, use [Luxite Swordmark] when you lack NRG Recovery or want to heal, and use [Echo Swordmark] when you want to increase damage dealt. Requires NRG Support NRG-Granting Characters Taair Credenza Candlelight SP Inanna - - Under the right conditions, she can balance excellent durability and offensive capabilities, but her weakness is the high NRG cost of her main Skills. While she can recover NRG on her own with [Luxite Swordmark], this prevents her from using [Echo Swordmark], which greatly boosts her offensive performance, so Support her with Characters who excel at NRG Recovery or with Tactical Skills to bring out her full potential. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Selina Aim to Reach 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 4★ → 5★ Star levels add effects like increased damage, inflicting Vulnerable I, and an NRG Recovery effect at the start of combat, but because the enhancements are fairly negligible, her shard farming priority is low. The Crit buffs added at 5★ is powerful, so if you want to increase Selina's offensive performance, you should aim for 5★. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Selina Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Divine Verdict Luminous Edges In Full Bloom Skill Holy Sword - Full Moon Knight's Oath Sword Inscription Weapon Trinket Tarot Oathkeeping Star Shield of Justice Verdict of Justice This build balances both offense and sustainability. For [Sword Inscription], select [Echo Swordmark] to lean towards offense, or [Luxite Swordmark] for defensive utilities like HP and NRG Recovery. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Holy Sword - Full Moon ★★★★★ Although the damage dealt per hit is relatively low, this is a powerful Skill that balances offense and defense through its Auxiliary Passive and the Buffs it provides. Prioritize including it in your build. Knight's Oath ★★★★★ An extremely powerful Skill that grants a Physical Shield equal to 100% of HP to all allies within a wide area. Union Characters can gain additional effects from it, making them highly recommended to use together. Note that the Shield duration for allies other than yourself is only 1 turn, and the CD is also very long at 4. Luminous Edges ★★★★★ A Reaction Skill that grants a Physical Shield. Generally, this should always be included in your build. Sword Inscription ★★★★★ A Skill that grants three Passive effects. Generally, use Luxite Swordmark for HP/NRG Recovery, while Echo Swordmark increases the number of attacks in a Combo Accumulation by 1–2 when conditions are met. Choose between them depending on the situation. Divine Verdict ★★★★★ A powerful Basic Attack that is both ranged and area-of-effect. As a Holy Swordplay attack, it strikes twice, including once after the Prepared phase. Generally, this should always be included in your build. Holy Sword - Starfall Wrath ★★★★ A Holy Swordplay Skill with high damage output. It is powerful thanks to its Knockback and Attribute Buff removal effects, but compared to [Holy Sword - Full Moon], it lacks an Auxiliary Passive and does not provide multiple Buffs. Include it in your build when maximizing damage is the top priority. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Rallying Banner ★★★ Since it grants ATK/DEF UP effects over a wide area, it is worth including if other allies do not provide an Aura. It is important to understand the mechanic where destroying the Flag transfers the Aura effect to the attacker. The Auxiliary Passive's Critical Rate +15% effect is also excellent. Hardening ★★ Its ability to reduce magic damage is superior to [Luminous Edges]. However, note that gaining the Shield will no longer grant Sword Resonance. All Preparations Complete ★★ Since the Shield makes it easier to maintain an Unharmed state, it is worth including if you want to improve offensive performance. Attack Command ★ If you plan to include this Skill, [Rallying Banner] is generally preferred since it provides the same Aura effect. Will to Survive ★ The activation conditions are strict, so its build priority is low. Critical Strike ★ It may outperform [Divine Verdict] in single-target burst damage, but generally [Divine Verdict] is the preferred choice for your build. Solemnity ★ The potency is low, so its build priority is relatively low. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Selina Oathkeeping Star Feast Axe Cornucopia Axe The most recommended option is Oathkeeping Star, which increases M.DMG and grants Shields. Other viable options include Weapons that increase damage dealt, as well as Cornucopia Axe for NRG Recovery. Weapons that increase P.ATK are also viable, but note that effects related to dealing P.DMG will not apply. Recommended Trinkets for Selina Shield of Justice Blood Luxite Amulet Maverick's Cloak The Shield of Justice is the most recommended option, as gaining a Shield also grants Sword Resonance. Other options include the Blood Luxite Amulet, which increases Magic AoE DMG, or Gear that provides additional stats. Recommended Tarots for Selina Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil If you can boost Crit through Auxiliary Passives, Buffs, Star Levels, etc., Justice is the most recommended option. However, in most cases, you should equip Magician. Other compatible choices include the stat-boosting Devil, or Hermit for a tank-focused role. Recommended Engravings for Selina Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Sets like Sword + Wand to increase stats, Wand + Wand to gain many buffs, and Wand + Cup to reduce NRG consumption are recommended. Selina's Trait & Skills Selina's Trait Trait Max Effect [Oathbound Sword] ✦ Any physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG ; when having Shield , character is immune to interruption. ✦ Some of the character's skills have Holy Swordplay effect. ✦ Gains Sword Resonance in the following situations: at the end of the turn, gains 1 stack for every 25% of HP in physical shield value possessed; gains 1 stack whenever gaining Shield . ✦ When attacking with Combo Accumulation , increases P.ATK by 15%. Increases Movement by 1 tile. Recovers 2 NRG at the start of the battle. ✦ Before attackikng with Holy Swordplay skills, additionally inflicts ▽M.DEF II , ▽SPD II and Vulnerable II on the target for 2 turns. ✦ When attacking targets with lower SPD thtan the character, or with ▽SPD , increases Crit and Crit DMG by 15%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Any physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG ; when having Shield , character is immune to interruption. ✦ Some of the character's skills have Holy Swordplay effect. ✦ Gains Sword Resonance in the following situations: at the end of the turn, gains 1 stack for every 25% of HP in physical shield value possessed; gains 1 stack whenever gaining Shield . ✦ When attacking with Combo Accumulation , increases P.ATK by 15%. Increases Movement by 1 tile. Recovers 2 NRG at the start of the battle. ✦ Before attackikng with Holy Swordplay skills, additionally inflicts ▽M.DEF II , ▽SPD II and Vulnerable II on the target for 2 turns. ✦ Any physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG ; when having Shield , character is immune to interruption. ✦ Some of the character's skills have Holy Swordplay effect. ✦ Gains Sword Resonance in the following situations: at the end of the turn, gains 1 stack for every 25% of HP in physical shield value possessed; gains 1 stack whenever gaining Shield . ✦ When attacking with Combo Accumulation , increases P.ATK by 10%. Increases Movement by 1 tile. Recovers 1 NRG at the start of the battle. ✦ Before attackikng with Holy Swordplay skills, additionally inflicts ▽M.DEF II , ▽SPD II and Vulnerable I on the target for 2 turns. ✦ Any physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG ; when having Shield , character is immune to interruption. ✦ Some of the character's skills have Holy Swordplay effect. ✦ Gains Sword Resonance in the following situations: at the end of the turn, gains 1 stack for every 25% of HP in physical shield value possessed; gains 1 stack whenever gaining Shield . ✦ When attacking with Combo Accumulation , increases P.ATK by 10%. Recovers 1 NRG at the start of the battle. ✦ Before attackikng with Holy Swordplay skills, additionally inflicts ▽M.DEF II and ▽SPD II on the target for 2 turns. ✦ Any physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG ; when having Shield , character is immune to interruption. ✦ Some of the character's skills have Holy Swordplay effect. ✦ Gains Sword Resonance in the following situations: at the end of the turn, gains 1 stack for every 25% of HP in physical shield value possessed; gains 1 stack whenever gaining Shield . ✦ When attacking with Combo Accumulation , increases P.ATK by 5%. ✦ Before attackikng with Holy Swordplay skills, additionally inflicts ▽M.DEF II and ▽SPD II on the target for 2 turns. Selina's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Holy Sword - Full Moon [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Holy Swordplay : Deals 60% AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Before attacking, gains △ATK II , △Crit II , and Shield Regeneration II for 2 turns. ✦ Auxiliary Passive : The caster can jump over allies, enemies, neutral characters, and items. When having Shield , reduces DMG taken by 30%. For each enemy within 3 tiles of the character, reduces DMG taken by 10%, up to 40%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Attack Command - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) Increases ATK by 12% for other allies within 2 tiles around the character. Will to Survive - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Passive) If the character is Dying at the start of the turn, recovers 50% HP and 2 NRG. Effect CD: 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Knight's Oath [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 4 (Support) Instant Grants all allies within 3 tiles of the target a Physical Shield equal to 100% of HP for 1 turn. ✦ If the above allies are from the Union : gains △Move I , △SPD II , and △ATK II for 2 turns; if they are allies, additionally reduces the CD of all their skills by 1 turn. Holy Sword - Starfall Wrath [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Holy Swordplaay : Deals 130% AoE DMG to all enemies in a 3 x 5 area in the target's direction; for each additional enemy hit, reduces the skill multiplier by 10%, down to a minimum of 90%. ✦ Before attacking, dispels 2 Attribute Buffs from the target and inflicts ✗Attribute Buff and ▽Move I for 2 turns. ✦ Then knocks back the first enemy in each column within a 3x4 area by 1 tile. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Luminous Edges - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) After being actively attacked, gains a Physical Shield equal to 25% of HP. Can be triggered up to 2 times per round. Hardening - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. After being attacked, the character gains DMG Reduction II for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Rallying Banner [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Places Knight's Banner on the target empty tile . ✦ Auxiliary Passive : When the character is in any Common Aura that increases ATK or DEF, increases Crit by 15%. Sword Inscription [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Decision) Choose to use Luxite Swordmark , Swift Swordmark , or Echo Swordmark (effects overwrite each other). ✦ Auxiliary Passive : When having any Swordmark , increases Crit by 15%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Divine Verdict [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Holy Swordplay : Deals 45% physical DMG to all enemies within a 1-tile radius of the target location, and increases DMG against the central target by an additional 30%. Critical Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and increases Crit by 15% before attacking. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Solemnity - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) Decreases ATK of all enemies within the character's 2-tile radius by 10%. All Preparations Complete - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) When in Unharmed state, increases Crit by 20% and Crit DMG by 10%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range In Full Bloom - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When Unharmed , DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. Weapons That Selina Can Equip List of Weapons Brutal Axe Hollow Axe Denial Hammer Feast Axe Tuning Hammer Cornucopia Axe Gale Sword 'Barbecue' Hammer Hammer Dragon Rise Great Company on the Journey Surtr the Darkfire Axe Supreme Assault Blade Undying Flames Oathkeeping Star Formidable Axe Antimagic Axe Balanced Heavy Axe Battle-Hardened Axe Heavy Iron Axe Iron Axe Selina's Voice Actor & Release Date Selina Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Yamaguchi Nanoka Released on Friday, May 15 Selina was released on Friday, May 15. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Selina's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Selina studied under the knight Randall and was once a rising star of the Order, but was forced into exile for opposing Camelot, the King of Judgement. After fleeing to the Papal States, her exceptional martial prowess led the exiled knights to appoint her as their commander, uniting this nameless band of memebrs from various orders. A decade of wandering put the knightly spirit of Selina and her companions to a severe test. In the end, they were dispatched by the Papal States to suppress the revolution in the Neland State. On that brutal battlefield, she must make her most difficult choice yet—between sacrifice and deliverance, survival and conviction. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.