SoC | SP Nungal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters SP Nungal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide SP Nungal Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for SP Nungal in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents SP Nungal Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Nungal Variants Nungal SP Nungal SP Nungal's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Breaker Faction Iria Sword of Convallaria Alacrity Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 SP Nungal's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Mobile AoE Attacker - Utilizes Phantom Spears in Battle - Durable Debuffer - Has Rally Command/Response How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) SP Nungal Pros and Strength SP Nungal's Character Overview Mobile AoE Attacker Utilizing Phantom Spears is Crucial Has Rally Command/Response Durable Debuffer High Investment for Performance Be Mindful of Phantom Spears and Party Formation Mobile AoE Attacker The combination of SP Nungal's Trait, Phantom Spears , and the repositioning effects from her skills provide SP Nungal with numerous movement tools. Although her damage per hit isn't particularly impressive, effective use of her Phantom Spears along with allies who also have [Rally Command] significantly improves her damage output, making her a well-rounded character with very high offensive potential . Utilizing Phantom Spears Is Crucial SP Nungal generates the item Phantom Spear via her Trait and some of their Skills. If an enemy picks it up, they are inflicted with an M.DEF debuff. If any allied character picks it up, they gain a Critical & Move UP buff. Furthermore, when an allied character picks it up, SP Nungal can recover HP and activate the attack Skill [March of Oaths] on surrounding enemies, dealing additional damage . Phantom Spear Details Phantom Spear Breakdown How to Create At the start of every turn, generates 1 on an empty tile around the nearest enemy within 6 tiles of SP Nungal When using the Skill [Break - Fierce Lunge] , generates 1 on an empty tile around the first enemy attacked When the Passive [Mobile Skirmisher] is equipped, if there are fewer than 4 Phantom Spears on the Field at the start of the turn, generate 1 on a random empty tile within a 2-tile range of self Pickup Effects If an enemy picks it up: Applies [▽M.DEF II] or [▽M.DEF III] (changes with Star Level) for 2 turns If any character (including SP Nungal) picks it up: Gains [△Crit II] (+30%) and [△Move I] (+1) buffs for 2 turns Additionally, [March of Oaths] is triggered, restoring SP Nungal's HP by 50% of her P.ATK & dealing 40% AoE damage to the 3 nearest enemies within a 3-tile range of SP Nungal When SP Nungal picks up: If 4-stars or higher, gains the [Potential Burst] (Attack +20% / Defense +40%) buff for 2 turns Additional Effects Reaction [Flare of Steel] : When triggered with Preempt, move to a nearby Phantom Spear Passive [Mobile Skirmisher] : Can Teleport to a Phantom Spear within 7 tiles after attacking [Onslaught - Piercing Will] : When moving with this Skill, absorb 1 Phantom Spear within a 3-tile range of the target Has Rally Command/Response SP Nungal has access to skills with [Rally Command] and [Rally Response] effects, which have good synergy with characters like from the Sword of Convallaria faction, such as SP Maitha . Since SP Nungal's damage per hit is not high, the key to increasing their offensive performance is to be mindful of utilizing Phantom Spears and activating Rally Command/Response . Pair with Other Rally Command Users [Break - Swift Assault] is a Skill that deals 100% AoE damage and is quite unremarkable on its own, but it can trigger up to twice per turn due to Rally Response . Be aware that pairing SP Nungal with other characters who have Rally Command will significantly increase her total damage. Durable Debuffer SP Nungal has many means of recovery, and can gain damage reduction and the Resolve effect from the [Onslaught] buff obtained from the [Onslaught - Piercing Will] skill. She also has ways to weaken enemies, as she can inflict M.DEF and damage reduction debuffs. High Investment for Performance While SP Nungal can perform admirably well with most gear, she becomes significantly more powerful at 5-stars when wearing the correct gear . At 5-stars and while equipped with the Crimson Quill Trinket, SP Nungal can self-recover NRG. By supplementing her Criticals with a Weapon and Justice Tarot, you can use [Onslaught - Piercing Will] every turn without support from allies. SP Nungal can also be expected to land numerous critical hits . Be Mindful of Phantom Spears and Party Formation SP Nungal is an easy-to-use and powerful character with high durability and excellent mobility. However, to enhance her offensive performance, utilizing her Phantom Spears and Rally Command/Responses are essential . Be sure to understand her mechanics to unlock her full potential. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for SP Nungal Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Prioritize getting to 3-stars, which increases Move and removes the CD for creating Phantom Spears. At 4-stars, picking up a Phantom Spear increases ATK and DEF. At 5-stars, Crit is further increased and picking up a Phantom Spear reduces the Class Skill's CD by 1, which allows [Onslaught - Piercing Will] to be used each turn. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for SP Nungal Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Sealing Attack Poised Elegance Path of Victory's Edge Skill Break - Swift Assault Onslaught - Piercing Will Mobile Skirmisher Weapon Trinket Tarot Spear of the Breaking Storm Crimson Quill Verdict of Justice This build provides SP Nungal with excellent movement and Rally Responses. At 5-Stars, you can achieve a 95% critical rate using only self-applied buffs, and you can also play without worrying about cooldowns or NRG. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Mobile Skirmisher ★★★★★ A powerful Passive that has a Move Again effect and allows you to gain buffs via Rally Response, while also generating a "Phantom Spear" every turn. It has an effect that is a key part of SP Nungal's playstyle, so it should be prioritized for your build. Onslaught - Piercing Will ★★★★★ A powerful Skill that lets you move and deal wide-area damage, inflicting debuffs on enemies, granting buffs like Resolve to yourself, and also has a Rally Command effect. It's also excellent because absorbing a Phantom Spear activates its additional effect, and its 5-star effect's CD reduction allows it to be used every turn. Break - Swift Assault ★★★★ An easy-to-use Ranged attack. It has Rally Response and automatically activates up to twice per turn in response to an ally's Rally Command. It's extremely powerful when included in a build with a Rally Command user, but its priority is lower otherwise. Flare of Steel ★★★★ A Reaction that reduces damage taken by 10% and has many useful effects like Preempt and movement. However, Preempt only triggers on attacks from the front or sides, and the drawback of moving to an unexpected location is significant. Best used when you have a clear objective, such as on stages where you need to disengage from enemies. Poised Elegance ★★★★ A Reaction with a 2-CD Dodge that also has the major effect of reducing AoE damage by 50%. It's easy to use and especially powerful on stages where enemies use AoE attacks. Use this if you're concerned about the movement drawbacks of the other Reaction. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Break - Fierce Lunge ★★★ An easy-to-use Instant skill, but its attack power is on the lower side. Use it when you want to increase damage against enemies with Shields or nullify Resolve. Its priority also increases if you can't utilize Rally Response or if your Star Level Up progression is low. Sealing Attack ★★★ While its use cases are limited, it can shine on stages where you need to nullify Passives, so you should generally equip this Basic Attack. Sense of Honor ★★★ Has an excellent effect that greatly increases Crit Rate and Crit DMG while also recovering NRG on a critical hit. However, it only activates when Healthy, and your Crit Rate or NRG may become excessive depending on your Star Level Up progression or Gear. If you equip this, adjust your Gear, for example by setting your Tarot to The Magician . Battle Fever ★★ It's easy to activate since it makes increasing your critical chance easier, but there are many other Skills to prioritize, so its priority is low. Insight ★★ Equip this on stages where dispelling enemy Defense Attribute Buffs is effective. Frontline Action ★★ Only equip this on stages where increasing SPD will make positioning easier. Parry ★★ It can reduce damage taken and make it easier to activate the Preempt of the Reaction [Flare of Steel], but you should generally equip other higher-priority Skills. Sealing Bash ★ Useful on stages where you need to nullify enemy Passives or Reactions, and where they can be nullified. Silencing Attack ★ Its effect overlaps with [Onslaught - Piercing Will], so prioritize equipping the other Basic Attack. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for SP Nungal Spear of the Breaking Storm Army-breaking Spear Double-Sided Halberd Spear of the Breaking Storm, which significantly increases magic damage by moving more than a specified distance, is the most recommended option. However, if your Star Level is low or if you are unable to provide NRG Recovery, Army-breaking Spear is also a compatible and powerful choice. Recommended Trinkets for SP Nungal Crimson Quill Blood Luxite Amulet Maverick's Cloak The Crimson Quill is most recommended because it generates the Item Phantom Spear every turn, providing significant NRG Recovery and an ATK and DEF boost. Other recommended options include the Blood Luxite Amulet, which increases AoE damage, and the Maverick's Cloak, which works well with SP Nungal who tends to rush forward. Recommended Tarots for SP Nungal Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil Justice, which increases Critical Rate, or Magician, which greatly boosts AoE Attack DMG, both have excellent synergy and are highly recommended. Recommended Engravings for SP Nungal Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Sword + Wand, which increases stats; Wand + Wand, which grants numerous buffs; and Wand + Cup, which reduces NRG consumption, are all recommended. SP Nungal's Trait & Skills SP Nungal's Trait Trait Max Effect [Swear on Spear] ✦ Physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG , and increases Crit by 30% and increases Movement by 1 tile. ✦ At the start of the turn, inflicts ▽M.DEF III on the closest enemy within 6 tiles of the character for 2 turns and generates 1 Phantom Spear on empty tiles around them. ✦ After picking up Phantom Spear , additionally gains Potential Burst for 2 turns and reduces all Class Skill CDs by 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG , and increases Crit by 15% and increases Movement by 1 tile. ✦ At the start of the turn, inflicts ▽M.DEF III on the closest enemy within 6 tiles of the character for 2 turns and generates 1 Phantom Spear on empty tiles around them. ✦ After picking up Phantom Spear , additionally gains Potential Burst for 2 turns. ✦ Physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG , and increases Crit by 15% and increases Movement by 1 tile. ✦ At the start of the turn, inflicts ▽M.DEF III on the closest enemy within 6 tiles of the character for 2 turns and generates 1 Phantom Spear on empty tiles around them. ✦ Physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG , and increases Crit by 15%. ✦ At the start of the turn, inflicts ▽M.DEF II on the closest enemy within 6 tiles of the character for 2 turns and generates 1 Phantom Spear on empty tiles around them. Effect CD: 2 turns. ✦ Physical DMG dealt is treated as magical DMG . ✦ At the start of the turn, inflicts ▽M.DEF II on the closest enemy within 6 tiles of the character for 2 turns and generates 1 Phantom Spear on empty tiles around them. Effect CD: 2 turns. After any character picks up Phantom Spear , Nungal - Spear of Legacy triggers March of Oaths once. SP Nungal's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Sealing Bash [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 145% DMG. Before attacking, inflicts ✗ Passive Skills and ✗ Reaction Skills on the target for 1 turn. SP Skill Skill Range Sense of Honor - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) While Healthy, increases Crit Rate and Crit DMG. Restores NRG on Critical Hits. When Nungal (Original) learns RK7 [Sense of Purpose] , and SP Nungal is enhanced to 3-stars, the SP Skill is unlocked. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Break - Fierce Lunge [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Physical DMG) Instant Deals 40% AoE DMG to all enemies in a 1 x 5 area in the target direction; before attacking, the character gains Shield Break IV for 1 turn; if the target is Dying , ignores 80% DEF and inflicts ✗Resolve . Then generates 1 Phantom Spear on an empty tile around the first attacked enemy. Break - Swift Assault [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Deals 100% AoE DMG to all enemies within 1 tile of the target, inflicts ▽DMG II and ▽M.DEF II for 2 turns. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: locks onto the closest enemy within 3 tiles of the character; triggers this skill once without consuming NRG. Can be triggered up to 2 times per round. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Battle Fever - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) After initiating an Active Attack, the character takes 15% less DMG. Dealing a Crit DMG additionally decreases DMG taken by 25% for 1 turn. Insight - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) P.ATK increases by 8%. Before attacking, dispels 1 Defense Attribute Buff from the target. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Flare of Steel - [Reaction] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Reaction) Reduces DMG taken by 10%. When attacked by enemies within 1 tile and positioned at the front or side , triggers Preempt ; can interrupt their turn, deals 50% physical DMG, teleports to the closest Phantom Spear and picks it up. If no Phantom Spear exists, teleports around the closest ally within 2 to 6 tiles of the character. Poised Elegance - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Reduces AoE DMG taken by 50%. Gains 1 instance of Dodge , with a 2-turn CD after triggering. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Mobile Skirmisher - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) After actively attacking, can Move Again , inheriting remaining Movement. At the end of the current turn, can use Guerilla . Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. ✦ At the start of the turn, if there are fewer than 4 Phantom Spears in battle, generates 1 Phantom Spear on a random empty tile within 2 tiles of the character. ✦ Gains Rally Response . Effect: the character gains △SPD III , △Move I , and △ATK II for 1 turn. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. Onslaught - Piercing Will [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 2 (Physical DMG) Rally Command . Teleports to the target location, then deals 100% AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles of the character and inflicts ▽DMG II and Disarm for 1 turn; if the skill only hits 1 enemy, the skill multiplier increases to 160%. ✦ When teleporting, additionally absorbs 1 Phantom Spear within 3 tiles outside the target point, triggering the pickup effect; ✦ After attacking, the character gains Onslaught for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Silencing Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ✗ Active Skills on Injured targets before attacking, lasting for 2 turns. Sealing Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ✗ Passive Skills on Injured targets before attacking, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Frontline Action - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) SPD is increased by 50 points. When Healthy , DMG taken is decreased by 20%. Parry - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Before receiving a physical melee attack, turns to the target and adds 20% of the character's P.ATK to P.DEF. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Path of Victory's Edge - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect ATK is increased by 5%; when attacking enemies countered by the character’s role, DMG is increased by 20%. Weapons That SP Nungal Can Equip List of Weapons Double-Sided Halberd Pendant Halberd Doomsday Scythe Skeleton Spear Nameless Staff The Silent Guard Cornucopia Spear Army-breaking Spear Spear of the Breaking Storm Lance - Lead the Charge Sharp Spear Guardian Spear Armor-piercing Spear Pointy Spear Defensive Spear Spear SP Nungal's Voice Actor & Release Date SP Nungal Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Akao Hikaru Released on Friday, February 6 SP Nungal was released on Friday, February 6. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. SP Nungal's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. After the Iria Liberation War, the Hanged Men disbanded. Nungal enrolled at Iria's military academy, where she became classmates with Faycal. Her sweet appearance and gentle, reserved nature made her the little sister everyone wanted to protect. She became tremendously popular and beloved within the army. Yet Nungal, forged and tempered by war's crucible, though still quiet and introverted, was no longer the easily flustered girl of the past. She had found her purpose and steeled her courage and resolve to pursue it. When selecting her military specialty, Nungal shocked everyone by choosing the piercing directness of the spear—her most vivid childhood memory was her mother defending the realm with a spear in hand, and that was who Nungal had always wanted to become. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.