SoC | Ciri Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Ciri Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Ciri Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Ciri in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Ciri Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor The Witcher 3 Collab Guide The Witcher 3 Collab Characters Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri Ciri's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Seeker Faction Dimension Traveler Drifter Alacrity Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 5 Normal 2 2 Ciri's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Highly Mobile AoE Attacker - Can Teleport & Act Again - Enhanced Skills vs. Bound Enemies - Mitigates DMG Above 50% HP How to Get - Receive for free during The Witcher 3 Collaboration Banner Ciri Pros and Strength Ciri's Character Overview Mobile AoE Attacker Can Teleport & Act Again Enhanced skills against Bound enemies High durability with DMG Lock Reliant on Star Level Up and Bound status Mobile AoE Attacker Ciri is a critical Attacker who excels in Maneuverability and AoE attacks . With her Trait Skill's Teleportation & Act Again, she can move freely across the battlefield. She can also inflict Bound on enemies to enhance her Skill performance and unleash powerful attacks. Can Teleport & Act Again with Her Trait She has the Trait Skill [Blink], which allows her to Teleport & Act Again after any action other than Standby. After use, she gains the [Winged Repose] buff, which restricts her from using [Blink] for a certain number of turns while she has it. However, it is an extremely powerful effect that also grants NRG Recovery and CD reduction effects with Star Level Ups. Enhanced Skills Against Bound Enemies A characteristic of the Witcher collaboration characters is that their Skills' performance increases against enemies with the [Bound] debuff, and this is especially prominent with Ciri. Since she can guarantee critical hits and gains a large ATK boost, you should inflict the Bound debuff using her own [Light That Breaks the Night] or other characters' skills before unleashing a powerful attack. High Durability with DMG Lock When using [Blink], she can She also has effects that restore HP when attacked or when using Teleportation/Blink. Excluding special mechanics, this allows her to reliably withstand at least two high-damage attacks, giving her high durability compared to other Seekers. Reliant on Star Level Up and Bound Status [Blink] can be used once every 2 turns at 5-stars, but only once every 4 turns at 1-2 stars, and once every 3 turns at 3-4 stars. Furthermore, the NRG Recovery and CD reduction also depend on Star Level Up. As it is difficult for her to deal effective damage to enemies that are not under the Bound effect, after increasing her Star Level, make sure to use her in formations for stages where she will be effective. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Ciri Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ First, aim for 3-stars, where the effect of [Winged Repose] is reduced by 1 turn, and you gain additional NRG Recovery and a CD-1 effect when using Blink. At 4-stars, the CD is further reduced by 2 when using Blink, and at 5-stars, it's further enhanced with a CD reset & full NRG recovery when using Blink, and the effect of [Winged Repose] is reduced. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Ciri Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Fatal Attack The Lion Cub of Cintra The Lady of Space and Time Skill Nova Light That Breaks the Night Ciri's Candor Weapon Trinket Tarot Zirael Maverick's Cloak Verdict of Justice This is a build that can be used as a critical Attacker. If you want to focus on dealing damage instead of Knockback, replace [Nova] with [Flash That Cuts through Darkness]. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Ciri Zirael Void Stab Blade of Stratagem Zirael is highly recommended as it not only increases damage dealt but also enhances Ciri's Skills. Other recommended options include Gear that increases damage dealt, especially Weapons that boost critical hits. Recommended Trinkets for Ciri Maverick's Cloak Shield of Justice Roaring Flint The Maverick's Cloak , which works well with Ciri who has a tendency to overextend, Trinkets that increase stats, and Trinkets with attack Skills are recommended. Recommended Tarots for Ciri Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil Justice , which enhances criticals, and Magician , which greatly increases area damage, are especially recommended. Recommended Engravings for Ciri Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Sword+Wand to increase stats, Wand+Wand to gain numerous buffs, and Wand+Cup to reduce NRG consumption are recommended. Ciri's Trait & Skills Ciri's Trait Trait Max Effect [The Elder Blood] Increases SPD by 100. At the start of the battle, gains 1 NRG. ✦ When ending turn by non- Standby methods, if not having Winged Repose , the character can use skill Blink , limited to 1 time per round. ✦ When not having Winged Repose or having used Blink this turn, the P.ATK bonus from Trait is doubled. ✦ Increases P.ATK by 15%. ✦ Blink max range increases by 2 tiles, additionally restores all NRG, and resets all skill CDs. ✦ Winged Repose duration is reduced by 2 turns. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect Increases SPD by 100. At the start of the battle, gains 1 NRG. ✦ When ending turn by non- Standby methods, if not having Winged Repose , the character can use skill Blink , limited to 1 time per round. ✦ When not having Winged Repose or having used Blink this turn, the P.ATK bonus from Trait is doubled. ✦ Increases P.ATK by 15%. ✦ Blink max range increases by 1 tile, additionally restores 3 NRG, and reduces all skill CDs by 2. ✦ Winged Repose duration is reduced by 1 turn. Increases SPD by 100. At the start of the battle, gains 1 NRG. ✦ When ending turn by non- Standby methods, if not having Winged Repose , the character can use skill Blink , limited to 1 time per round. ✦ When not having Winged Repose or having used Blink this turn, the P.ATK bonus from Trait is doubled. ✦ Increases P.ATK by 10%. ✦ Blink max range increases by 1 tile, additionally restores 2 NRG, and reduces all skill CDs by 1. ✦ Winged Repose duration is reduced by 1 turn. Increases SPD by 100. At the start of the battle, gains 1 NRG. ✦ When ending turn by non- Standby methods, if not having Winged Repose , the character can use skill Blink , limited to 1 time per round. ✦ When not having Winged Repose or having used Blink this turn, the P.ATK bonus from Trait is doubled. ✦ Increases P.ATK by 10%. ✦ Blink max range increases by 1 tile, additionally restores 1 NRG. Increases SPD by 100. At the start of the battle, gains 1 NRG. ✦ When ending turn by non- Standby methods, if not having Winged Repose , the character can use skill Blink , limited to 1 time per round. ✦ When not having Winged Repose or having used Blink this turn, the P.ATK bonus from Trait is doubled. ✦ Increases P.ATK by 5%. Ciri's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Charge [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Selects 1 location within a cross-shaped range of the character, charges to that location and deals 170% DMG to the enemy closest to the endpoint on the path, inflicting Stagger for 1 turn. ✦ Auxiliary Passive . Effect: after casting basic attack , additionally inflicts Stagger on the target for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Light That Breaks the Night [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 3 (Physical DMG) Deals 30% AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles of the character and inflicts Stagger for 1 turn. Ciri's Candor - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) Increases Crit by 40%. Always lands critical hits against enemies with Bound and increases DMG dealt by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Nova [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Deals 70% AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles of the character and knocks the adjacent targets back by 2 tiles. ✦ When attacking targets with Bound , this skill deals 2 times DMG and knock back effects. ✦ If the character is in Winged Repose at the start of the turn, attacks with this skill this turn treat targets as being affected by Bound . Flash That Cuts through Darkness [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 3 (Physical DMG) Deals AoE DMG to the closest 3 enemies within 4 tiles of the character; when hitting 1 enemy, DMG multiplier is 120%; for each additional enemy hit, Skill Multiplier decreases by 20%, minimum 40%. ✦ When attacking targets with Bound , ATK increases by 80%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Fleeing Hare - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. After being attacked, the character gains △ Move II for 2 turns. The Lion Cub of Cintra - [Reaction] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Reaction) After using skill Blink , gains 3 stacks of DMG Lock equal to 50% of max HP. After being attacked or using skills with Teleportation or Charge effects, restores 40% of lost HP. Can be triggered up to 2 times per round. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Temporal Shift [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Support) After using this skill, at the end of the turn, restores 1 NRG, reduces all skill CDs by 1 turn, and reduces Winged Repose duration by 1 turn. If Blink was used this turn, the Winged Repose duration reduction effect will not activate. ✦ Auxiliary Passive . Effect: after casting basic attack , triggers the above effects. Homecoming Swallow [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 1 (Support) Instant The character gains Nest's Call and the skill switches to Departing Swallow . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Fatal Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Fires a Curved Shot which deals 85% physical DMG and increases Crit DMG by 15%. Feverish Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and gains 20% Life Steal . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Assault [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Gains △ Crit I , △ Crit DMG I , and △ Move II for 1 turn. Dimension Traveler - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Leader's Aura) For all Dimension Traveler allies in battle, increases ATK by 10%, and DEF by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Untamed Spirit - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When the character has less than 2 debuffs , DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. The Lady of Space and Time - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Non-first skills used each round have their DMG increased by 10% and their Crit DMG increased by 10%. If Blink was used this round, Crit DMG is increased by an additional 10%. Weapons That Ciri Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword Ciri's Voice Actor Ciri Voice Actor VA English VA: Jo Wyatt Ciri's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Cirilla Fiona Elen Riannon, known to most as Ciri, is the adoptive daughter of Geralt and Yennefer. She is also the lost princess of Cintra and the daughter of the Nilfgaardian emperor. As a bearer of the Elder Blood, Ciri commands the power to travel between worlds, earning her the moniker "Lady of Space and Time." She was also prophesied from birth to change the world. That prophecy, along her unique heritage, have made her the frequent target of the Wild Hunt and other powerful factions. Yet, despite such hardships, her spirit remains unbroken. Pairing her bravery and sense of independence with the training she received from the witchers at Kaer Morhen, Ciri has grown into a formidable warrior, determined to seize control of her destiny. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.