SoC | Taair Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Taair Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Taair Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:32 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Taair in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Taair Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Taair's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Watcher Faction Papal States Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Taair's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Watcher specializing in support - Numerous ways to recover NRG - Trait buffs and heals simultaneously - Increases survival rate by sharing damage How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Taair Pros and Strength Taair's Character Overview Specializes in support Numerous ways to recover NRG Take advantage of Historical skills Can function as a healer Watcher Specializing in Support Taair is a character that does not have a single attack skill and specializes in supporting allies. He has access to numerous support effects such as NRG Recovery, Healing, and damage spreading skills, which increase the power of the entire team. Numerous Ways to Recover NRG [Seed of Wisdom] which grants △SPD II and Meditation (recover 1 NRG at the start of action), is a powerful skill that recovers NRG and manipulates the action order. Additionally, Taair also has [Thousand-Mile Echo] and [Inner Light] which provide numerous additional buffs and even more NRG recovery. Best Paired With NRG Hungry Units Safiyyah , Acambe , and SP Rawiyah are characters with low cooldowns and consume plenty of NRG. Pairing Taair with a lineup that includes NRG hungry characters like the ones listed above allows you to use powerful skills every turn . Take Advantage of Historical Skills Historical Skills Effects Historical Truth [Instant] Inflicts [▽Move II] and [Vulnerability II] on an enemy for 2 rounds. Learn from Past [Instant] Dispels 2 [debuffs] for all allies within a 2-tile range of the target, additionally recovers HP equals to 30% of M.ATK. Hero's Epic [Instant] Grants the target ally [△DMG II] and [DMG Reduction II] for 2 rounds, additionally recovering HP equals to 50% of M.ATK. Taair has access to [Historical Skills] which exist separately from the usual skill set. This gives Taair the ability to inflict Vulnerability, dispel allies, buff ATK, and also recover HP. So remember to take advantage of these bonus abilities ! Gather Scrolls and Accumulate Knowledge Scrolls will appear around Taair at the start of his action. Picking up these scrolls will accumulate stacks of Knowledge , which is the resource required to use [Historical Skills]. Initially, Taair will only be able to hold a maximum of 2 Knowledge, but this limit will increase as you increase Taair's ★ level . Can Function as a Healer Taair's trait increases the range of support and healing skills. Furthermore, Taair's skills allow him to heal allies as well as support them, which allows Taair the flexibility to pivot from a supportive role to a healing role. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Taair Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ Taair sees major upgrades at 3-stars, which increases his movement, and at 5-star, which extends the range of his healing and support skills and grants [Knowledge] at the start of his turn. Each star upgrade improves his usability, and at 5-star, he can make full use of his wide skillset—so he's a strong candidate for prioritized upgrades. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Taair NRG Recovery Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Dispelling Strike Pacifism Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Seed of Wisdom Thousand-Mile Echo Inner Light Weapon Trinket Tarot Reorganized Cube Space-time Ring Guidance of the World This is a build that focuses on NRG recovery. We highly recommend using this build if you intend on using Taair as an NRG battery for your team. Higher Difficulty Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Dispelling Strike Pacifism Form of Steadfast Stone Skill Seed of Wisdom Divine Healing Caged Reverie Weapon Trinket Tarot Reorganized Cube Disaster Bottle Mercy of The High Priestess This is a build for high-difficulty stages. While maintaining NRG and HP restoration, be sure to apply Damage Sharing using [Caged Reverie] before powerful enemy attacks hit. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Seed of Wisdom ★★★★★ A powerful Skill that grants allies within range SPD +100 and 1 NRG each turn. Additionally, it provides AoE healing due to Taair's Trait. Prioritize equipping this skill. Pacifism ★★★★★ A Reaction that dispels enemy buffs and reduces their damage dealt. Generally regarded as the better Reaction. Dispelling Strike ★★★★★ A Basic Attack that dispels buffs. Since Taair has access to sufficient heals, equip this Basic Attack. Thousand-Mile Echo ★★★★ A powerful skill that greatly buffs a single target and grants +4 NRG. Since many characters have powerful skills with high NRG costs and 0 CD, this allows such characters to use their Skills consecutively. Inner Light ★★★★ An excellent Skill that provides Instant AoE NRG Recovery and AoE healing due from Taair's Trait. When prioritizing NRG recovery, slot this skill. Caged Reverie ★★★★ Although it has a very long CD of 7 turns, it generates a very powerful aura that shares damage taken within an area, increases damage dealt, and recovers HP. Equip this for high-difficulty content where damage taken is high. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Heart of Forebearance ★★★ A Reaction that reduces DoT damage and grants [Bound Immunity]. It can be equipped in stages where enemies inflict either of these debuffs. Campfire Night Talks ★★★ Inflicts [Sleep] and [Tipsy] (Crit Rate UP + Dmg Taken DOWN) on enemies and allies within 2 tiles. If there are no other debuffs, ally [Sleep] can be removed by Weapon or Tarot effects, making it powerful if activated in the right situations. Divine Healing ★★★ A Skill that heals a wide area. Combined with healing from Taair's Trait, its HP Recovery effects are particularly high. Slot if your Taair is leaning towards healing. Merciful Strike ★★ A Basic Attack that increases healing effects. Equip when prioritizing healing. Healing Spell ★ The highest single-target heal in Taair's repertoire, viable when prioritizing healing for a single target. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Taair Reorganized Cube Life Fondness Nightmare Puppet Since this character specializes in support, the [Reorganized Cube], which boosts healing amount and removes debuffs, is the top recommendation. Additionally, the [Life Fondness], which enhances summoned units, and the [Nightmare Puppet], capable of applying debuffs with [Truth of History], also offer excellent synergy. Recommended Trinkets for Taair Fafnir the Scarlet Armor Old Scrolls of Auguste Shield of Justice For Taair, the [Space-time Ring] is especially useful for collecting [Scroll]s and keeping up with allies. Trinkets with support skills, like the [Old Scrolls of Auguste] and [Disaster Bottle], are great for team utility, while options like the [Roaring Flint], which offer offensive skills, are also solid picks depending on your role in the fight. Recommended Tarots for Taair Mercy of The High Priestess Elegance of the Empress Redemption of The Judgement [World] and [Fate] are especially recommended for increasing Taair's skill usage. [High Priestess] is a strong choice for boosting healing effectiveness, while [Judge] excels at weakening enemies. Recommended Engravings for Taair Resonance Effect Cup Cup Increases Healing Effect by 10% and Healing Received by 10% . Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) The [Cup + Cup] set is most recommended for increasing healing output. When using long-cooldown Skills like [Caged Reverie], engraving [Wand + Cup] can make Taair even more powerful by reducing his cooldowns to 0. Taair's Trait & Skills Taair's Trait Trait Max Effect [Historian] Taair's Knowledge stacks max at 6. He gains 5 stacks of Knowledge at the start of the battle, with Movement increased by 1 tile. When casting healing and supporting skills, Taair's maximum range is increased by 2 tiles. Upon casting the skill, he additionally heals the target by 25% of M.ATK. At the start of the turn, he also gains 1 stack of Knowledge . At the start of the turn, Taair discovers 1 Scroll on a random empty tile within 3 tiles of himself. Upon picking it up, he gains 1 stack of Knowledge and then gains 1 random Level 2 Buff , lasting for 2 turns, and can move an additional 3 tiles. For every 2 stacks of Knowledge , he can use Historical Skills 1 time. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect Taair's Knowledge stacks max at 6. He gains 4 stacks of Knowledge at the start of the battle, with Movement increased by 1 tile. When casting healing and supporting skills, Taair's maximum range is increased by 1 tile. Upon casting the skill, he additionally heals the target by 25% of M.ATK. At the start of the turn, Taair discovers 1 Scroll on a random empty tile within 3 tiles of himself. Upon picking it up, he gains 1 stack of Knowledge and then gains 1 random Level 2 Buff , lasting for 2 turns, and can move an additional 3 tiles. For every 2 stacks of Knowledge , he can use Historical Skills 1 time. Taair's Knowledge stacks max at 4. He gains 3 stacks of Knowledge at the start of the battle, with Movement increased by 1 tile. When casting healing and supporting skills, Taair's maximum range is increased by 1 tile. Upon casting the skill, he additionally heals the target by 20% of M.ATK. At the start of the turn, Taair discovers 1 Scroll on a random empty tile within 3 tiles of himself. Upon picking it up, he gains 1 stack of Knowledge and then gains 1 random Level 2 Buff , lasting for 2 turns, and can move an additional 3 tiles. For every 2 stacks of Knowledge , he can use Historical Skills 1 time. Taair's Knowledge stacks max at 4. He gains 2 stacks of Knowledge at the start of battle. When casting healing and supporting skills, Taair's maximum range is increased by 1 tile. Upon casting the skill, he additionally heals the target by 20% of M.ATK. At the start of the turn, Taair discovers 1 Scroll on a random empty tile within 3 tiles of himself. Upon picking it up, he gains 1 stack of Knowledge and then gains 1 random Level 2 Buff , lasting for 2 turns, and can move an additional 3 tiles. For every 2 stacks of Knowledge , he can use Historical Skills 1 time. Taair's Knowledge stacks max at 2. He gains 1 stack of Knowledge at the start of battle. When casting healing and supporting skills, Taair's maximum range is increased by 1 tile. Upon casting the skill, he additionally heals the target by 15% of M.ATK. At the start of the turn, Taair discovers 1 Scroll on a random empty tile within 3 tiles of himself. Upon picking it up, he gains 1 stack of Knowledge and then gains 1 random Level 2 Buff , lasting for 2 turns, and can move an additional 3 tiles. For every 2 stacks of Knowledge , he can use Historical Skills 1 time. Taair's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Healing Spell [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Healing) Heals the target by 100% of M.ATK and dispels 1 debuff on the target. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Seed of Wisdom [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 2 (Support) Taair dispels 1 Debuff from all alies within 2 tiles around the target, granting them △SPD II and Meditation for 2 turns. Thousand-Mile Echo [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Support) Restores 4 NRG to the target ally and grants △ATK II , △Move II , and △SPD II for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Regenerate - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) At the end of the turn, heals the ally with the lowest HP percentage within a 3-tile radius around the character by 20% of M.ATK. Inner Light [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 3 (Support) Instant Restores 1 NRG to all other allies within 3 tiles around the target. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Pacifism - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Before being attacked, dispels 2 buffs from the attacker and decrease the DMG dealt by 20%. Heart of Forebearance - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) DoT taken is reduced by 50%. At the end of the turn, if the character is affected by control effects, removes all control effects and gains Bound Immunity for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Campfire Night Talks [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 4 (Healing) Inflicts Sleep and Tipsy on Taair and all characters within 2 tiles for 1 turn. Recovers 60% HP, and dispels 3 Debuffs from Taair. Flagellant - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Gains 1 stack of Penance after taking DMG. Each stack decreases DMG taken by 8%. This effect cannot be dispelled. Additionally recovers 1 NRG if the character has Penance stacks at the end of each turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Merciful Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 80% magical DMG and increases the effect of the next healing skill by 15%, lasting for 2 turns. Dispelling Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 50% physical DMG 2 times and dispels 2 buffs on the target. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Divine Healing - [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Healing) Single-target healing. Heals the target for 60% of M.ATK and additionally heals all allies within 3 tiles around the target for 30% of the character's M.ATK. Caged Reverie [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 7 (Support) Taair gains Caged Reverie for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Form of Steadfast Stone - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect HP is increased by 15% and Piercing DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Weapons That Taair Can Equip List of Weapons Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dream Turbidity Magic Ladle Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Solid Wand Astral Rod Apprentice Wand Taair's Voice Actor & Release Date Taair Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Shinnosuke Tachibana Released on Friday, January 17 Taair was released on Friday, January 17. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Taair's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. The former State Prince of Iria, a light and gentle young man who acts spontaneously and has high affability. As a puppet of the Papal States of Rodinia, Taair was forced to become the banner of the restoration of the old state, but he is more like a scholar studying history, with no interest in power or politics. Although Taair has resigned himself to being a pawn, he still dreams of a life of wandering and has never forgotten his ideal—to record the true history of Iria with his pen. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.