SoC | Triss Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Triss Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Triss Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Triss in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Triss Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor The Witcher 3 Collab Guide The Witcher 3 Collab Characters Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri Triss's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Breaker Faction Dimension Traveler Drifter Aggression Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Triss's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Excels in AoE M.ATK - Conditional Pursuits - Conditional Top-Tier Damage How to Get - Summon from the Limited-Time The Witcher 3 Collaboration Banner Triss Pros and Strength Triss's Character Overview Excels at AoE M.ATK. Conditional Pursuit Requires Frosty or Burning Tiles Crit-Focused Mage An Attacker Who Excels at AoE M.ATK Triss is an Attacker who excels at AoE M.ATK. Note that players must build her Critical Rate while being mindful of the Pursuits triggered by combining tiles and elemental attributes so she can deal some of the highest AoE damage among all characters. Conditional Pursuit Due to her Trait, by performing either "using an Ice Skill on an enemy on a Burning tile" or "using a Fire Skill on an enemy on a Frosty tile", you will meet the conditions to trigger the AoE damage Rhythm of Frostfire. Although there is a limit of twice per turn on a single enemy, it can deal massive damage in conjunction with her Skills. Requires Frosty or Burning Tiles Although Triss herself has many Skills that can generate Frosty/Burning tiles, it becomes easier to strategize if you have other characters or Gear that can also generate them. A party composition that can support tile generation is highly recommended. Crit-Focused Mage Triss's Signature Weapon, Flames of the Fearless , significantly increases Critical DMG by up to 40%, while her Skill [Triss's Wrath] and Ascension Skill [The Fearless] greatly increase her Critical Rate. Focus on boosting her Critical stats through Gear and buffs, and on activating [Rhythm of Frostfire] to turn her into a powerful critical-based Attacker. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Triss Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Initially, aim for 3-stars, which will allow Triss to gain the effects of NRG Recovery & CD Reduction upon activating [Rhythm of Frostfire], and also apply the [Frostfire Weakness] debuff to enemies. At 4-stars you will be able to gain a Shield, which increases your durability, and at 5-stars the effects of NRG Recovery and CD Reduction are enhanced, making the character even easier to use. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Triss Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Scorching Attack Magic Barrier The Fearless Skill Hailstorm Firestorm Triss's Wrath Weapon Trinket Tarot Flames of the Fearless Blood Luxite Amulet Verdict of Justice This is a build that increases Critical while allowing Triss to activate [Rhythm of Frostfire] on her own. Use her attack Skills alternately to deal high damage. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Triss Flames of the Fearless Diffusing Prism Nirvana If you can increase your critical hit rate, Flames of the Fearless is highly recommended. Other recommendations include Weapons that increase damage dealt, such as Diffusing Prism , and Nirvana , which creates Burning tiles. Recommended Trinkets for Triss Blood Luxite Amulet Roaring Flint Shield of Justice The Blood Luxite Amulet , which greatly increases M.ATK damage, is especially recommended. Other compatible and recommended options include the Roaring Flint , which helps activate [Rhythm of Frostfire] with Fire attacks, and Gear that can increase stats. Recommended Tarots for Triss Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil If you can increase your Critical, Justice is highly recommended. If you are not focusing on Critical, equip Tarots such as Magician to boost damage dealt, or Devil to increase stats and enhance Damage Over Time effects. Recommended Engravings for Triss Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) We recommend combinations like Sword+Wand and Sword+Pentacle to increase stats, and Wand+Cup to get an effect that can make NRG consumption/CD 0. Triss's Trait & Skills Triss's Trait Trait Max Effect [Elemental Surge] ✦ Immune to Burning tiles and Frosty tiles and their effects. ✦ Healing received is reduced by 50% and shield value gained is increased by 50%; when having shields, becomes immune to interruption effects. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 25%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , DMG is additionally increased by 20%, restores 2 NRG, and reduces all class skill CDs by 2 turns. After actively attacking, inflicts Frostfire Weakness on the target. ✦ At the end of the turn, if on Burning or Frosty tiles, gains Physical Shield and Magical Shield equal to 20% of M.ATK. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Immune to Burning tiles and Frosty tiles and their effects. ✦ Healing received is reduced by 50% and shield value gained is increased by 50%; when having shields, becomes immune to interruption effects. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 20%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , DMG is additionally increased by 10%, restores 1 NRG, and reduces all class skill CDs by 1 turn. After actively attacking, inflicts Frostfire Weakness on the target. ✦ At the end of the turn, if on Burning or Frosty tiles, gains Physical Shield and Magical Shield equal to 20% of M.ATK. ✦ Immune to Burning tiles and Frosty tiles and their effects. ✦ Healing received is reduced by 50% and shield value gained is increased by 50%; when having shields, becomes immune to interruption effects. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 15%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , DMG is additionally increased by 10%, restores 1 NRG, and reduces all class skill CDs by 1 turn. After actively attacking, inflicts Frostfire Weakness on the target. ✦ Immune to Burning tiles and Frosty tiles and their effects. ✦ Healing received is reduced by 50% and shield value gained is increased by 50%; when having shields, becomes immune to interruption effects. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 10%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , DMG is additionally increased by 10%. ✦ Immune to Burning tiles and Frosty tiles and their effects. ✦ Healing received is reduced by 50% and shield value gained is increased by 50%; when having shields, becomes immune to interruption effects. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 5%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , DMG is additionally increased by 10%. Triss's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Teleport [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 4 (Support) Instant The character teleports to the target location, gains Physical Shield and Magical Shield equal to 50% of M.ATK, and restores 2 NRG. Axuliary Passive . Effect: gains Resolve ; when triggered, immediately triggers the above effect. Teleportation changes to the closest ally with 2-6 tiles. Can be triggered up to 1 time per battle. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Pocket Elixir - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) At the end of the turn, heals the ally with the lowest HP percentage within 3 tiles of the character by 50% of M.ATK; if the target is a Dimension Traveler , grants them △ATK II , △P.DEF II , and △M.DEF II for 2 turns after healing. Fireball [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 125% DMG and inflicts Scorch for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Hailstorm [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 4 (Magical DMG) Selects the target tile and deals 55% Ice AoE DMG to all enemies within 3 tiles, inflicts 2 stacks of Minor Frostbite , and turns tiles into Frosty for 2 turns. ✦ Before attacking, increases ATK by 20%. ✦ After attacking, prepares for 1 turn, then triggers the skill effect 1 more time. Firestorm [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 2 (Magical DMG) Selects a target tile and deals 140% Fire AoE DMG to all enemies within 2 tiles of the target, inflicts 1 stack of Ignition , and turns the tiles into Burning for 2 turns ✦ Before attacking, increases ATK by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range NRG Recovery - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Magic Barrier - [Reaction] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Reaction) Before receiving a single-target physical or single-target magical attack, performs Preempt , gaining a Shield of the corresponding DMG type equal to 60% of the character's M.ATK for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Frost Control - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) When casting Ice skills, if the target is on a Frosty tile, inflicts ▽Move I and ▽Bound Vision I for 1 turn after attacking and reduces the CD of skill Hailstorm by 1 turn. Triss's Wrath - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) Increases Crit by 30%; against targets with Bound , additionally increases Crit by 20% and M.ATK by 30%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Ice Bolt [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Ice magical DMG; against Healthy enemies, inflicts ▽Move I for 1 turn. Fire Arrow [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Fire magical DMG, inflicts Scorch on the target for 2 turns, and turns the tile into Burning. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Ice Shock - Extra [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Magical DMG) Deals 60% Ice AoE DMG to all enemies in a straight line of 5 tiles in the target directionl; inflicts ▽Move III on the first target for 2 turns; if the target has any ▽Move , additionally inflicts Frozen for 2 turns. Elemental Harmony - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Passive) When alternately casting Ice and Fire skills, restores 1 NRG and reduces all class skill CDs by 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range In Full Bloom - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When Unharmed , DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. The Fearless - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When attacking targets affected by DoT , increases DMG by 15% and Crit by 20%. When triggering Rhythm of Frostfire , increases M.ATK by 10%. Weapons That Triss Can Equip List of Weapons Brutal Axe Hollow Axe Denial Hammer Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Feast Axe Tuning Hammer Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Axe Cornucopia Staff Gale Sword Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness 'Barbecue' Hammer Dream Turbidity Hammer Dragon Rise Magic Ladle Great Company on the Journey Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Surtr the Darkfire Axe Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Supreme Assault Blade Undying Flames Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Oathkeeping Star Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Formidable Axe Antimagic Axe Balanced Heavy Axe Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Battle-Hardened Axe Heavy Iron Axe Solid Wand Astral Rod Iron Axe Apprentice Wand Triss's Voice Actor Triss Voice Actor VA English VA:Jaimi Barbakoff Triss's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Triss Merigold of Maribor is a legendary sorceress, renowned for her kindness, striking red hair, and unflappable courage. She earned the title Fourteenth of the Hill after she was mistakenly believed to have fallen during the Battle of Sodden Hill. Triss is a tremendously powerful mage and gifted healer. Though she is allergic to magic potions, she is never without her collection of wondrous elixirs should others require them. When her fellow mages faced persecution in Novigrad, this former royal advisor to the king of Temeria risked everything to lead them out of the city, s aving them from a cruel fate of imprisonment and death. Her warmth and affable charm have won her the trust and respect of countless friends in high places, chief among them the witcher Geralt of Rivia, with whom she shares a deeply complicated and emotional history. Triss also consideres Yennefer of Vengerberg to be a close friend. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.