SoC | Clara Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Clara Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Clara Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:30 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Clara in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Clara Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Clara's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Defender Faction The Union Drifter Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Clara's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Specializes in Shields - Tanks both P.ATKs and M.ATKS - AoE Strikebacks - Protects allies with Assisting Covers and Shields How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Clara Pros and Strength Clara's Character Overview Specializes in Granting Shields Absorbs Single-Target Attacks Counterattacks Surrounding Enemies Conditionally Deals Decent DMG Cooperates with Allies Specializes in Granting Shields Clara grants [Reassuring Shield]s, a Shield-buff that blocks both physical and magical damage, to herself and her allies. This significantly increases party's durability. Single characters who can grant both physical and magical shields are extremely rare , making her a valuable asset, from beginner to high-difficulty content. Shields Scale Off of HP The amount of shielding increases according to Clara's Max HP. By focusing on HP in Gear and Engravings , you functionally increase both Clara's durability and the amount of Shield she grants. Absorbs Single-Target Attacks By using [I'll Protect You All!], she can pull allies to her location and also protect them from single-target attacks if they're within 3 tiles of Clara. Unlike characters who passively use Assisting Cover, Clara needs to activate this mechanic with a Skill. Even though it has a turn limit, her high durability due to her Shields makes her an excellent tank. No Self-Heals Clara does not have her own means of recovery, so she is vulnerable without Shields. Aim to have consistent uptime on her Shields, or increase her HP to make her Shields harder to break. Counterattacks Surrounding Enemies Clara's trait reflects damage to surrounding enemies based on her Max HP whenever she is attacked while she has shields. Because Clara gains Shields from her Reaction, if the enemy's damage is low, it's possible to counter and defeat them while generating Shields. Conditionally Deals Decent DMG With [Knight - Lead the Charge!], Clara boosts her ATK in exchange for DEF, and the effects of [Shield Up - Steadfast Defense] changes, greatly boosting her Crits. Although conditional, Clara can exhibit extremely high attack DMG, which allows her to pivot in stages with troublesome Seekers or in short battles. Additional Damage Based on Shields [Knight - Lead the Charge!] and her Basic Attack can deal additional damage based on Clara's Shields, so having a large amount of Shields before attacking increases your damage dealt. Cooperates with Allies Clara needs to cooperate with her allies to grant them Shields. Although she has the movement skill [Knight - Fearless Forward!] and [I'll Protect You All!] which can pull allies, her own Movement is low, so have other Characters coordinate with Clara or assist her movement to maximize her potential. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Clara Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ We recommend prioritizing 3★, where you gain the ability to recover NRG upon obtaining a Shield, and then upgrading to 4★, where the CD of the Shield granting effects at the start of an action is reduced from 2 to 1. At 5★, you gain effects such as damage reduction when a Shield is broken and a debuff removal effect at the start of an action, so upgrade further if you want to place greater emphasis on durability. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Clara Shielding & Guarding Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Shield Bash Absolute Steadfast Heavy Armor Valiant Vanguard Skill I'll Protect You All! Knight - Fearless Forward! Shield Up - Steadfast Defense Weapon Trinket Tarot Lance - Lead the Charge Wild Spice Vial The Fool's Naivety This is a build focused on protecting allies from single-target attacks by generating Shields for your party, and providing Assisting Cover through the Sacrificial Shield buff. Make use of the two Skills, [I'll Protect You All!] and [Knight - Fearless Forward!], to fight alongside your allies. Attacker Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Shield Bash Absolute Steadfast Heavy Armor Valiant Vanguard Skill Knight - Lead the Charge! Knight - Fearless Forward! Shield Up - Steadfast Defense Weapon Trinket Tarot Lance - Lead the Charge Shield of Justice The Fool's Naivety This build prioritizes self-buffing Shields and Attack performance rather than support. It boasts impressive burst damage for a Defender, making it a recommended build for taking down troublesome Seekers or for exploration and similar content. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Shield Up - Steadfast Defense ★★★★★ A Skill that instantly grants a Shield, making it the top priority for your build. If using Clara as an Attacker, it consumes all NRG but also grants Critical Enhancement in addition to the Shield. I'll Protect You All! ★★★★★ A Skill that gathers nearby allies to Clara's position and grants them a Shield. Prioritize this skill when using the Assisting Cover build. Knight - Fearless Forward! ★★★★★ An easy-to-use Movement skill thanks to its Instant activation. Since Clara wants to stay near allies but has low Move, pair this Skill with [I'll Protect You All!] to reposition toward allies. Absolute Steadfast Heavy Armor ★★★★★ An excellent Reaction that grants Block, Preempt, and Shield when attacked. Prioritize including this in your build. Knight - Lead the Charge! ★★★★ An essential Skill for the Attacker build. It grants a buff that increases DMG output while also dealing bonus damage based on the Physical Shields, so try to maximize your Physical Shield before attacking. Shield Bash ★★★★ A Basic Attack that deals bonus damage based on Physical Shields. Since it tends to deal high damage, generally use this Basic Attack. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Dispelling Strike ★★★ A Basic Attack that dispels buffs. It can be useful in certain stages, so include it in your formation when buff dispelling is needed. Knight's Faith ★★★ From 3-stars onward, it recovers NRG when a Shield is obtained. Include it in your build if you can't provide NRG Recovery support at 2-stars or below. Co-Defense ★★ If you want to maximize Clara's DEF in the Assisting Cover build, use this instead of [Knight - Fearless Forward!]. United Courage ★★ A Leader's Aura that greatly strengthens Characters of the Drifter Faction. While the effect itself is excellent, priority is low since there are more essential Skills for each build. Try to have other Characters equip a Leader's Aura instead. Attack Command ★ While the effect activates easily, Clara's role is fundamentally to increase durability, so build priority is low. NRG Recovery ★ It is an option to include when NRG is absolutely necessary, such as at 2-stars or below, but generally, use [Absolute Steadfast Heavy Armor] instead. Knockback Combo ★ Including this in stages where fall kills are possible, but typically other characters with higher movement are preferred for fall kills. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Clara Lance - Lead the Charge Pendant Halberd The Silent Guard The best-in-slot is the Spear Lance Lead the Charge which is Clara's signature weapon that increases HP and the amount of Shields granted. You should also equip Weapons that increase HP and Weapons that increase Movement. Recommended Trinkets for Clara Wild Spice Vial Crystal Burst Armor Fafnir the Scarlet Armor The most recommended is the Wild Spice Vial, which increases HP and the Shields granted via Class Skill. Others recommended include Crystal Burst Armor for increasing HP, Fafnir for increasing Movement, and Shield of Justice for increasing stats. Recommended Tarots for Clara The Fool's Naivety Guide of Stars Silence of The Hermit The Fool is most recommended for the great HP boost. Alternatives include Stars which increases the amount of Shield granted, and Hermit which greatly reduces damage taken. Recommended Engravings for Clara Resonance Effect Pentacle Pentacle When [Injured], increases DMG by 5% and decreases the DMG taken by 5% . When [Dying], increases DMG by an additional 10% and decreases the DMG taken by an additional 10% . Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) Pentacle + Pentacle makes it easy to raise HP through the Engravings' own effects. Other good options include Wand + Wand for gaining buffs, and Wand + Cup for reducing CD & NRG to 0. On stages where incoming damage is concentrated on either physical or magical, Pentacle + Cup and Pentacle + Wand are also viable choices. Clara's Trait & Skills Clara's Trait Trait Max Effect [Dazzling Courage] ✦ When having Shield and being attacked, or when the character's Shield Value decreases after actively attacking, deals additional physical DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Can be triggered up to 4 times per round. ✦ When any ally's Reassuring Shield is destroyed, Clara grants them DMG Reduction III for 2 turns. ✦ Increases HP by 25%. When the character gains Shield , recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the start of the turn, grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield ; on the first turn, the character gains an additional 2 stacks for 2 turns; then dispels 2 debuffs from allies within range. ✦ Gains an aura: all allies within 3 tiles of the character have their magical DMG taken reduced by 20%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ When having Shield and being attacked, or when the character's Shield Value decreases after actively attacking, deals additional physical DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Can be triggered up to 3 times per round. ✦ Increases HP by 15%. When the character gains Shield , recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the start of the turn, grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. ✦ Gains an aura: all allies within 3 tiles of the character have their magical DMG taken reduced by 20%. ✦ When having Shield and being attacked, or when the character's Shield Value decreases after actively attacking, deals additional physical DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Can be triggered up to 3 times per round. ✦ Increases HP by 10%. When the character gains Shield , recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the start of the turn, grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. This effect has a 2-turn CD. ✦ Gains an aura: all allies within 3 tiles of the character have their magical DMG taken reduced by 20%. ✦ When having Shield and being attacked, or when the character's Shield Value decreases after actively attacking, deals additional physical DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Can be triggered up to 3 times per round. ✦ Increases HP by 5%. ✦ At the start of the turn, grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. This effect has a 2-turn CD. ✦ Gains an aura: all allies within 3 tiles of the character have their magical DMG taken reduced by 20%. ✦ When having Shield and being attacked, or when the character's Shield Value decreases after actively attacking, deals additional physical DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to 3 random enemies within 3 tiles of the character. Can be triggered up to 3 times per round. ✦ Increases HP by 5%. ✦ At the start of the turn, grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. This effect has a 2-turn CD. Clara's Base Skills Skill Range Slash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% Physical DMG. Shield Up - Steadfast Defense [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 1 (Support) Instant Gains 6 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns; when having Sacrificial Guardian , additionally gains 3 stacks. ✦ When having Lead the Charge! , this skill switches to Shield Up - Full Advance . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Co-Defense - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) For each ally within a 2-tile radius of the character, DEF increases by 10%, up to 40%. Attack Command - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) Increases ATK by 12% for other allies within 2 tiles around the character. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range I'll Protect You All! [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 3 (Support) Teleports allies within 5 tiles of the character to the character's side, then grants all allies within 3 tiles of the character 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield ; if the target has no Reassuring Shield , additionally gains 2 stacks; if the target belongs to the Union or Drifter , additionally recovers 1 NRG; then the character gains Sacrificial Guardian . All effects last for 2 turns. Knight - Fearless Forward! [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 2 (Physical DMG) Instant Selects any tile within a cross-shaped range of 3 tiles from the character and performs Charge , dealing single-target DMG equal to 25% of the character's HP to the closest 3 enemies within a 1-tile radius of the target location and inflicting Intimidation for 2 turns. ✦ After attacking, the character gains 2 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Absolute Steadfast Heavy Armor - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) Gains Block and can block physical AoE attacks. When attacked from any direction, has a 100% chance to trigger Block . Before being attacked, performs Preempt and gains 3 stacks of Reassuring Shield for 2 turns. Can be triggered up to 2 times per round. NRG Recovery - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range United Courage - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Leader's Aura) For all Drifter allies in battle, increases ATK by 15% and DEF by 30%; when having shield , increases DMG by 10% and reduces DMG taken by 10%. Knight - Lead the Charge! [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 3 (Physical DMG) Before attacking, gains Lead the Charge! for 2 turns. A single-target attack that deals 190% DMG to the target, plus additional DMG equal to 110% of Physical Shield Value . After attacking, removes all Shields from the character. ✦ When having Lead the Charge! , this skill switches to Shield Up - Defensive Counter . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Dispelling Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 50% physical DMG 2 times and dispels 2 buffs on the target. Shield Bash [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Single-target attack. Deals 100% physical DMG, plus additional physical DMG equal to 35% of physical shield value . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Knight's Faith - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Gains Toughness . At the end of the turn, additionally recovers 1 NRG; when defeating the target, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Can be triggered up to 1 time per round. Knockback Combo [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 30% DMG. Then, performs Pursuit and deals DMG equal to 200% of the character's P.DEF, up to 150% of P.ATK. Knocks the target back by 2 tiles. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Valiant Vanguard - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When there are 2 or more enemies within 2 tiles of the character, DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. Weapons That Clara Can Equip List of Weapons Double-Sided Halberd Pendant Halberd Doomsday Scythe Skeleton Spear Nameless Staff The Silent Guard Cornucopia Spear Army-breaking Spear Spear of the Breaking Storm Lance - Lead the Charge Sharp Spear Guardian Spear Armor-piercing Spear Pointy Spear Defensive Spear Spear Clara's Voice Actor & Release Date Clara Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Shiraishi Mana Released on Friday, May 1 Clara was released on Friday, May 1. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Clara's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.