SoC | Shahnaz Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Shahnaz Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Shahnaz Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:30 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Shahnaz in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Shahnaz Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Shahnaz's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Destroyer Faction Elaman Aggression Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Shahnaz's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Overwhelming AoE DMG - Diverse Knockback/Grouping Skills - Unique NRG Mechanics - Can Swap Positions and Grant DMG Buffs How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Shahnaz Pros and Strength Shahnaz' Character Overview Excels at AoE and Knockback/Pull Unique NRG Mechanics Can Access the Power of Origin Overwhelming AoE DMG Repositions Targets and Grants Buffs NRG/Liberation is Crucial Excels at AoE and Knockback/Pull Shahnaz excels at using AoE attacks, Knockbacks, and dispositioning enemies. She can affect both enemies and allies, and also deals AoE damage through utilizing Luxite Gravity, which deals Collision damage and triggers additional AoE attacks upon Collision. Furthermore, Shahnaz has flexible positioning Skills and powerful buffs, making her effective in various stages. Note! Luxite Gravity deals damage to the surrounding 3 tiles during Collisions or when defeated. Some Skills can also forcibly trigger this effect. Damage Dealt to Allies is Reduced Even though Shahnaz' abilities affect allies, skill damage is reduced by 98% (fixed at 1 damage when [Origin - Harmonic Cosmos] is equipped), and Collision damage is reduced by 75%. . While you won't suffer heavily from these effects, be especially careful when allies are in range of her Knockbacks or Pulls. Unique NRG Mechanics One of Shahnaz's major features is [Artificial Prime Sigil], which converts excess NRG and Liberation into points . All NRG and Liberation (requires 5 stacks) are converted into an equal amount of points at each turn, which is then used to Channel [Power of Origin] enhanced state or for some of her Skills. Can Access the Power of Origin --> By using Shahnaz' Trait Skill [Ascended - Power of Origin], she enters an enhanced state which grants ATK and a large M.ATK (max 54%) buff while and enhancing some Skills. However, it consumes 10 points each turn and if you run out, the state is removed and Shahnaz can't use Skills for 1 turn, so be mindful of managing your points. Overwhelming AoE DMG [Fate - Endless Singularity] is a core Skill that consumes 10 points. It deals AoE damage 3 times while pulling enemies in a wide area toward the center, causing multiple instances of Collision damage . These collisions trigger Luxite Gravity, which also deals damage, allowing for overwhelming damage and exterminating enemy groups. Repositions Targets and Grants Buffs Shahnaz can access flexible positioning Skills like [Fate - Gaze] and Skills that gather groups of enemies and allies like [Luxite Starburst], making her adept at battlefield control. Also, by slotting [Origin - Harmonic Cosmos], you can grant powerful buffs like DMG, Range, and Immunity to Knockback when an ally attacks. Note! Shahnaz isn't simply an attack-focused Character; you can viably play her in various ways depending on your tactics! NRG/Liberation is Crucial Liberation Supports Lukamar Heshan - NRG Supports Taair Credenza Candlelight Even though Shahnaz deals bonus damage to enemies immune to Knockbacks, she struggles when there are multiple targets who are immune to knockbacks. Similarly, she also struggles against single targets or vs. immobile bosses . These troubles are further compounded if her Star Level is low, so make sure to assess every stage and include NRG and Liberation supports to truly make her shine. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Shahnaz Aim to Reach 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 4★ → 5★ Prioritize raising her to 3★, which will convert 5 points when [Artificial Prime Sigil] points are consumed while using [Power of Origin]. At 4★, you will get an NRG Recovery effect at the end of your action and a large boost to M.ATK. At 5★, each effect is enhanced, making using her main Skills more consistent and also allowing you to execute enemies with less than 10% HP. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Shahnaz Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Luxite Pulse Origin - Transcendent Form In Full Bloom Skill Fate - Endless Singularity Luxite Burst Resonance Origin - Harmonic Cosmos Weapon Trinket Tarot Destiny's Grip Blood Luxite Amulet Dream of The Magician This build specializes in damage via [Fate - Endless Singularity] and [Luxite Gravity]. When at low Star Levels or lacking NRG/Liberation support, try adding [Sigil Wielder] to your build to supplement Artificial Prime Sigil points. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Fate - Endless Singularity ★★★★★ Consumes 10 pts of Artificial Prime Sigil. While Power of Origin is active, this extremely powerful skill applies Luxite Gravity and Shattered Shackles, and groups enemies together. If you can hit multiple enemies, the combination of AoE damage, Collision damage, and Luxite Gravity results in massive total damage, making it a key skill. Origin - Transcendent Form ★★★★★ A Reaction that greatly reduces damage taken from non-Countered enemies by 30% and activates Unyielding by consuming Artificial Prime Sigils when defeated. Despite getting debuffed you don't have 10 pts or on the second activation, this is a high-priority Reaction. Luxite Pulse ★★★★★ A Basic Attack that applies Luxite Gravity and has a pulling effect, allowing it to deal high AoE damage under the right conditions. Origin - Harmonic Cosmos ★★★★ Especially powerful because it allows you to gain many permanent buffs. You can also grant buffs to allies by attacking them. If you have a high star level or can grant NRG/Liberation, you should prioritize equipping this to boost your damage. Sigil Wielder ★★★★ A skill that grants 10 pts of Artificial Prime Sigil when Luxite Gravity is activated. Prioritize equipping this if Shahnaz isn't 5-stars, or if you're lacking characters that grant NRG/Liberation. Otherwise, you'll quickly run out of points. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Luxite Starburst ★★★ Easy-to-use AoE attack that also have the effect of grouping characters with Luxite Gravity. Since it can be used to reposition enemies and allies, equip it when you have a clear use for it. Fate - Gaze ★★★ A skill that gives various effects like Knockback, Pull, and position swaps by marking one character and then selecting another as the origin point. It's easy to use as you can Re-attack after use, so equip it when you need a flexible positioning skill. Luxite Burst Resonance ★★★ Increases the damage of Luxite Gravity through its Auxiliary Passive and significantly boosts attack power when attacking enemies that are immune to Knockback. Equip this when you want to increase your damage. NRG Recovery ★★ Worth equipping in easy stages where taking hits is not an issue. Desert Steps - Extra ★★ Allows for Instant movement and provides Dodge and Crit Rate UP. A low-priority skill that can be equipped when you're sorely mobility. Invigorating Strike ★ NRG can be converted into Artificial Prime Sigil points, so the synergy is good, but it lacks in utility compared to the other Basic Attack. Desert Warrior ★ Low potency compared to other available skills, so its use priority is low. Dark Ripple ★ Priority is low, but considerable for stages where troublesome Passives and Reactions can be disabled. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Shahnaz Destiny's Grip Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff The Signature Weapon Destiny's Grip is most recommended since it applies a special debuff to enemies. Other compatible options include weapons like the Diffusing Prism that increases area damage, and the Cornucopia Staff which recovers NRG. Recommended Trinkets for Shahnaz Blood Luxite Amulet Fafnir the Scarlet Armor Shield of Justice The Blood Luxite Amulet is most recommended for increasing AoE DMG. Other compatible Trinkets include Fafnir for increased Movement, and the Shield of Justice for the stat boosts. Recommended Tarots for Shahnaz Dream of The Magician Verdict of Justice Temptation of The Devil Magician is generally the best Tarot as it significantly boosts AoE damage. However, if you have Destiny's Grip and can provide sufficient CRIT support from other characters, Justice is also a viable option. Recommended Engravings for Shahnaz Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Pentacle When [unharmed], increases ATK and DEF by 12% . Sword Cup When actively attacking, increases the DMG by 5% and grants 15% of [Life Steal]. Recommended engravings are those that deal DMG or increase stats, but nothing in particular is the de-facto best . Shahnaz's Trait & Skills Shahnaz's Trait Trait Max Effect [Above Fate] ✦ Gains Artificial Prime Sigil , additional skill Ascended - Power of Origin , and its Aura effect. ✦ All skills have an NRG cost of 0. ✦ When casting a skill, if the target is another ally, reduces final DMG dealt to them by 98%. Also has an Aura with the following effect: All allies in battle have collision DMG taken reduced by 75%. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 18%; during Power of Origin ], this effect increases to 3 times. Increases max NRG to 9 and restores 4 NRG at the end of the turn. ✦ After using Ascended - Power of Origin , gains the effect does not consume Artificial Prime Sigil points until the end of the turn. ✦ During Power of Origin , after ending the turn and consuming Artificial Prime Sigil points, refunds 5 points. ✦ During Power of Origin , after attacking and hitting, if the enemy's HP is below 10%, triggers Oblivion . See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Gains Artificial Prime Sigil , additional skill Ascended - Power of Origin , and its Aura effect. ✦ All skills have an NRG cost of 0. ✦ When casting a skill, if the target is another ally, reduces final DMG dealt to them by 98%. Also has an Aura with the following effect: All allies in battle have collision DMG taken reduced by 75%. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 12%; during Power of Origin ], this effect increases to 3 times. Increases max NRG to 7 and restores 2 NRG at the end of the turn. ✦ After using Ascended - Power of Origin , gains the effect does not consume Artificial Prime Sigil points until the end of the turn. ✦ During Power of Origin , after ending the turn and consuming Artificial Prime Sigil points, refunds 5 points. ✦ Gains Artificial Prime Sigil , additional skill Ascended - Power of Origin , and its Aura effect. ✦ All skills have an NRG cost of 0. ✦ When casting a skill, if the target is another ally, reduces final DMG dealt to them by 98%. Also has an Aura with the following effect: All allies in battle have collision DMG taken reduced by 75%. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 12%; during Power of Origin ], this effect is doubled. ✦ After using Ascended - Power of Origin , gains the effect does not consume Artificial Prime Sigil points until the end of the turn. ✦ During Power of Origin , after ending the turn and consuming Artificial Prime Sigil points, refunds 5 points. ✦ Gains Artificial Prime Sigil , additional skill Ascended - Power of Origin , and its Aura effect. ✦ All skills have an NRG cost of 0. ✦ When casting a skill, if the target is another ally, reduces final DMG dealt to them by 98%. Also has an Aura with the following effect: All allies in battle have collision DMG taken reduced by 75%. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 6%; during Power of Origin ], this effect is doubled. ✦ After using Ascended - Power of Origin , gains the effect does not consume Artificial Prime Sigil points until the end of the turn. ✦ Gains Artificial Prime Sigil , additional skill Ascended - Power of Origin , and its Aura effect. ✦ All skills have an NRG cost of 0. ✦ When casting a skill, if the target is another ally, reduces final DMG dealt to them by 98%. Also has an Aura with the following effect: All allies in battle have collision DMG taken reduced by 75%. ✦ Increases M.ATK by 6%; during Power of Origin ], this effect is doubled. Shahnaz's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Luxite Starburst [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Deals 80% AoE DMG to all other characters within 2 tiles of the target location and inflicts Luxite Gravity]. ✦ Before actively using this skill, pulls all other characters affected by Luxite Gravity in battle to the target location. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Origin - Harmonic Cosmos - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) When attacking, is unaffected by role counters. Reduces DMG dealt to other allies to 1. Before a skill hits other ally, grants them △DMG III , △ATK II , △Max Range I , and Stability for 2 turns. ✦ At the start of the character's turn, the character gains the above Buffs, lasting until the end of the battle. Fate - Gaze [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Support) Instant Inflicts Fate Gaze on any character, then the skill switches to Fate - Turning . ✦ After the character with Fate - Gaze is defeated, the skill reverts to this effect. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Luxite Burst Resonance [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Support) Triggers the effect of Luxite Gravity 1 time. This trigger does not count toward usage limits and does not remove Luxite Gravity . ✦ Auxiliary Passive . During Power of Origin , has the following effects: ✦ When triggereing Luxite Gravity to deal DMG, increases ATK by 50%. ✦ When attacking enemies immune to Knockback or Teleportation, increases ATK by 50%. Fate - Endless Singularity [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Magical DMG) Unshackle . Consumes 10 Artificial Prime Sigil points and attacks all other characters within 3 tiles of the target location 3 times, each time dealing 50% AoE DMG. While in Power of Origin , this skill additionally has the following effects: ✦ Before the 1st attack, inflicts Luxite Gravity and 8 stacks of Shattered Shackles on enemies for 2 turns. ✦ The 3 attacks knock back targets on the 3rd, 2nd, and 1st tiles toward the center by 1 tile respectively (does not interrupt preparation skills). Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Origin - Transcendent Form - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When defeated during Power of Origin , consumes 10 Artificial Prime Sigil points and triggers Unyielding ; if points are insufficient or this is triggered again in battle, exits Power of Origin and receives Amnesia for 1 turn. ✦ When exiting Power of Origin , resets the Unyielding trigger count for this skill. ✦ When attacked by enemies that do not counter the character, reduces DMG taken by 30%. NRG Recovery - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Desert Steps - Extra [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Unshackle Instant Teleports to any Empty Tile within 3 tiles of the character; if the target is a Dust tile, clears the tile effect and gains 3 Artificial Prime Sigil points. If having the following points, triggers additional effects after casting the skill: ✦ If the character has 5 points, after casting the skill, gains Dodge for 2 turns. ✦ If the character has 10 points, grants the 5-point effect and, after casting the skill, gains △Crit II for 2 turns. Sigil Wielder - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) When triggering Luxite Gravity , gains 10 Artificial Prime Sigil points. At the end of the turn, if Shahnaz has not triggered Luxite Gravity and there are targets affected by Luxite Gravity in battle, triggers its effect. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Invigorating Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and additionally recovers 1 NRG. Luxite Pulse [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Inflicts Luxite Gravity on any other character, then deals 80% magical DMG and draws all other characters within a 1-tile radius of them in by 1 tile toward them. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Desert Warrior - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Immune to Blind . After actively attacking, if t he target is on Soil , Sandbed , Wasteland , or Quicksand tiles, deals additional Sand Piercing DMG equal to 10% of ATK. Dark Ripple [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Deals 70% AoE DMG to all enemies within a 2-tile radius of the target and inflicts ✗ Passive Skills and ✗ Reaction Skills , lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range In Full Bloom - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect When Unharmed , DMG is increased by 12% and DMG taken is reduced by 12%. Weapons That Shahnaz Can Equip List of Weapons Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dream Turbidity Magic Ladle Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Solid Wand Astral Rod Apprentice Wand Shahnaz's Voice Actor & Release Date Shahnaz Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Saito Chiwa Released on Friday, June 26 Shahnaz was released on Friday, June 26. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Shahnaz's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Shahnaz is the president of Hashalaram, Elaman's premier trading guild. Her intellect is unmatched, her diplomacy effortless. She moves through the tangled web of power with ease. In Elaman, they say there is nothing beyond her reach. But few know that she was born under the Hex of Amnesia. Her memories slip through her fingers like sand, lost grain by grain with each passing day. This torment plagued Shahnaz for years. Only after she underwent sigil modification was the curse finally held at bay. This rebirth opened her eyes to the boundless potential hidden within sigils. Yet in Elaman, the immense power of sigils serves only to please slavers. Common people gain nothing. The potential to liberate production lies buried. To shatter these chains and seize her fate, Shahnaz threw herself into sigilresearch, waiting for the storm that would sweep across Hashalaram. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.