SoC | Simona Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Simona Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Simona Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:33 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Simona in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Simona Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Simona's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Watcher Faction The Union Discipline Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Simona's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Many ways to obtain Physical Shield - Useful Crowd Control to prevent enemy movement and actions - Powerful skill to summon an ice wall How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Simona Pros and Strength Simona's Character Overview High physical durability Excels at hindering enemies Counters physical attackers High Physical Durability There are many ways to obtain Ice Armor (Physical Shield) through Traits and Skills. By using the Rank 3 Skill [Ice-Made Armor], you can also grant Ice Armor to your allies, thereby increasing the physical durability of all your team members. Excels at Hindering Enemies The Ice Wall, which can be summoned by unlocking RK11's Skill, is a powerful ability that is very useful for creating decoys and obstructing movement. Additionally, with other skills, [Winter Doomsday] excels at hindering the enemy by reducing their movement and applying the Frozen debuff, which blocks the enemy's actions. Counters Physical Attackers In stages where the enemy is mainly using P.ATK or where you are facing multiple enemies, it is extremely powerful due to Ice Armor and movement obstruction. On the other hand, be cautious in stages that focus on M.ATK or in stages where enemies can nullify movement-related debuffs. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Simona Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ At 3-stars, Simona gains [Armor of Ice] every turn, greatly boosting her durability. At 5-stars, she receives powerful buffs to attack and defense, along with immunity to stat debuffs while shielded. If you use Simona often, aim for 3-stars or 5-stars to make the most of her tanking potential. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Simona Balanced Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Ice Attack Iceshards Path of Victory's Edge Skill Winter Doomsday Ice Lance Ice-made Armor Weapon Trinket Tarot Starry Sky Heritage Old Scrolls of Auguste Silence of The Hermit A well-balanced build that brings a mix of support, debuff, and attack skills. If mobility is a priority, swap out [Ice Spear] for [Ice Assault]. Attacker Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Ice Attack Iceshards Path of Victory's Edge Skill Winter Doomsday Ice Lance Ice Assault Weapon Trinket Tarot Starry Sky Heritage Origin Hourglass Temptation of The Devil This is a build for attackers. While Simona doesn’t boast particularly high damage output, her strong physical durability and solid debuff capabilities make her well-suited for frontline combat. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Iceshards ★★★★★ A Reaction that deals damage in an area and applies a Movement Down debuff. Equip this Reaction if you want to lean towards offense. Ice Attack ★★★★★ A long Range Basic Attack. For general purposes, this is better, however, if you are going to use [Ice Lance] swap it with [Ice-made Sword ]. Winter Doomsday ★★★★★ A Skill that deals damage in a wide area and summons an [Ice Wall] in the central 3 tiles. The [Ice Wall] can sometimes be preferentially targeted by enemies and is very powerful as a decoy or obstruction. It's useful in high-difficulty multi-enemy battles, so prioritize slotting this skill. Ice Lance ★★★★ Low NRG cost of 1 and no CD makes it a very easy-to-use Ranged attack Skill. Amongst Simona's Skills, its damage multiplier is also high. Ice-made Armor ★★★★ An excellent Skill that can grant Physical Shield + Regeneration I to allies in a wide area. It can significantly increase the party's survivability, so equip it in stages where you want to reduce incoming damage. Protection of Ice ★★★★ A Reaction that greatly reduces damage taken from enemies affected by the Movement Down debuff. Equip this Reaction when you need to prioritize survivability. Ice-made Sword ★★★★ Short Range, but an excellent damage-dealing Basic Attack. Highly recommended as an effective pairing with [Ice Lance]. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Icy Blast ★★★ A valuable area knockback skill. In certain stages, it can be used to eliminate multiple troublesome enemies at once via fall kills, so it’s an knockback strategies are viable. Ice Assault ★★★ An excellent Skill that allows for Instant movement. Its [Warrior of Frost] effect is also excellent, so use it as a means of movement and durability boost. Battle Flag of the Union ★★★ A Leader's Aura that boosts [Union] faction units. Simona excels in her role by providing Physical Shields and summoning Ice Walls, so if your team includes multiple [Union] members, this is a highly recommended choice. Flash Freezing ★★ A Skill that can apply the [Frozen] debuff to enemies affected by the Movement Down debuff. Equip it when you want to neutralize troublesome enemies. However, be aware that some enemies may nullify it. Ice Cone ★ A Skill that deals damage in a cross-shaped area. Its long Range is an advantage, but since Simona's role is not to deal area damage, its loadout priority is low. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Simona Starry Sky Heritage Diffusing Prism Magic Ladle The size of Simona’s Physical Shield scales with higher magic attack, making the [Starry Sky Heritage] and [Diffusing Prism] especially recommended. Recommended Trinkets for Simona Old Scrolls of Auguste Shield of Justice Wild Spice Vial For Simona, her high SPD makes her a perfect match for the [Old Scrolls of Auguste], which lets you control the turn order. Other great options include Trinkets focused on [supporting allies], or the [Origin Hourglass], which boosts both ATK and Physical Shield size. Recommended Tarots for Simona Dream of The Magician Guide of Stars Temptation of The Devil Tarot cards like [Magician], which boost damage dealt, or [Hermit], which enhances durability and disrupting enemies on the front line, are both strong choices for Simona. Recommended Engravings for Simona Resonance Effect Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) If you value Simona's utility, [Wand + Cup] is recommended for the highest uptime of her skills. Otherwise, we recommend equipping her with [Sword + Wand] or [Sword + Cup] to increase her overall damage. Simona's Trait & Skills Simona's Trait Trait Max Effect [Winter is Coming] The effect is improved to: Increases Simona's ATK and DEF by 15% . When she has a shield , ATK and DEF are additionally increased by 10% and she becomes immune to Attribute Debuffs . At the start of the turn, she gains Armor of Ice . If she is Dying after being attacked, she immediately gains Armor of Ice . Can be activated up to 1 time per battle. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect The effect is improved to: Increases Simona's ATK and DEF by 15% . At the start of the turn, she gains Armor of Ice . If she is Dying after being attacked, she immediately gains Armor of Ice . Can be activated up to 1 time per battle. The effect is improved to: Increases Simona's ATK and DEF by 10% . At the start of the turn, she gains Armor of Ice . If she is Dying after being attacked, she immediately gains Armor of Ice . Can be activated up to 1 time per battle. The effect is improved to: Increases Simona's ATK and DEF by 10% . At the start of the turn, she gains Armor of Ice . CD 2 turns. Increases Simona's ATK and DEF by 5% . At the start of the turn, she gains Armor of Ice . CD: 2 turns. Simona's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Ice Lance [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Single-target attack. Deals 130% DMG and inflicts ▽ SPD I and ▽ Move I for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Icy Blast [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Magical DMG) Deals 75% AoE DMG to the first enemy in each line within a 2x3 area, inflicting ▽ SPD I and ▽ Move I for 2 turns. Knocks the targets back by 2 tiles. Ice Cone [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 0 (Magical DMG) Selects a location and deals 80% ice AoE DMG to all enemies within a 1-tile radius of the target location. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Ice Assault [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 4 (Magical DMG) Instant Simona selects 1 tile within a cross-shaped range around her and charges to the location, attacking all enemies along the line. She deals Ice DMG equal to 100% of the Physical Shield value. Simona gains Warrior of Frost for 2 turns. Ice-made Armor [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 4 (Support) Simona selects a target direction and all allies within a 3x4 area in the direction and allies within the 3 tiles to the left and right of the tile occupied by Simona again Armor of Ice and Regeneration I for 2 turns. If she already has Armor of Ice , decreased NRG consumption by 1 point. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Iceshards - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) After her Armor of Ice is destroyed, Simona deals 50% Magical DMG to all enemies within 2 tiles of her and inflicts ▽Move III on the target for 1 turn. Protection of Ice - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack from an enemy with ▽Move , the DMG taken is decreased by 30%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Flash Freezing [Skill] Cost: 2 / CD: 3 (Magical DMG) Single Target attack. Deals 80% DMG and inflicts △Move III for 2 turns. If the targets have ▽Move , additional inflicts Frozen for 2 turns. Battle Flag of the Union - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Leader's Aura) For all The Union allies in battle, increases ATK by 10% and DEF by 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Ice-made Sword [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Magical DMG) Single-target attack. Simona deals 110% DMG. If she is attacking enemies with ▽Move , or who are currently on Frosty tiles, the DMG she deals is increased by 30%. Ice Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ▽ Move I on Healthy targets, lasting for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Winter Doomsday [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 5 (Magical DMG) Simona selects 1 tile within a cross-shaped range around her, and deals 70% Ice DMG to all enemies within a 5x3 area in the target direction. Simona summons an Ice Wall in the 3 center tiles. If a tile is occupied, she inflicts Frozen on the target for 1 turn. Pre-cooldown: 1 turn. Will to Survive - [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Passive) If the character is Dying at the start of the turn, recovers 50% HP and 2 NRG. Effect CD: 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Path of Victory's Edge - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect ATK is increased by 5%; when attacking enemies countered by the character’s role, DMG is increased by 20%. Swear on Ice - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Decreases CD of Ice-Made Armor by 3 turns. When on Frosty tiles, increases DMG by 30% and Shield Value provided by 25%. After an active magical attack or triggering Iceshards , additionally inflicts Frostbite 1 time for 1 turn. Weapons That Simona Can Equip List of Weapons Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dream Turbidity Magic Ladle Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Solid Wand Astral Rod Apprentice Wand Simona's Voice Actor & Release Date Simona Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Inoue Marina Chinese VA: Liu Jingxia Released on Friday, August 30 Simona was released on Friday, August 30. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Simona's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Simona, born into the prestigious Jungling noble family, is a masterful knight of ice magic. Ambitious, decisive, and solitary, she is a staunch believer in elitism. After being ostracized by her family and growing disillusioned with the corruption festering within The Union, she became a knight directly under the Council. Taking matters into her own hands, Simona volunteered to join the Vanguard Knights and embarked on an expedition to Iria. Yet even now, she has never let go of her ambition. She firmly believes that victory in Iria will silence the old guard, and that the achievements she earns there will solidify the path she has chosen for herself. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.