SoC | Heshan Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Heshan Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Heshan Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:30 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Heshan in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Heshan Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Heshan's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Defender Faction Vltar Elaman Alacrity Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 3 Normal 2 2 Heshan's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Support-Tank Hybrid - Grants Crit Buffs and Healing - Inflicts Healing Received Reversal - Grants Liberation Stacks to Allies How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Heshan Pros and Strength Heshan's Character Overview Excels as a Support-Tank Deals Conditional Piercing DMG Freely Swaps Between ATK and DEF Empowers Attackers with Crit Buffs Boosts Elaman Units with Liberation NRG Recovery and Move+ is Crucial Excels in support and durability Heshan is a unique support Character who excels in support through healing allies and Crit buffs, while also possessing high survivability thanks to damage reduction skills . Furthermore, Heshan can conditionally deal Piercing DMG, making him a powerful unit capable of fulfilling many roles alone. Deals Conditional Piercing DMG Heshan inflicts the Healing Received Reversal debuff on enemies, which converts healing received into Piercing DMG, allowing for a unique method of dealing damage by healing enemies. While this is highly effective against enemies with strong healing capabilities, be cautious as Heshan will be unable to deal damage /ifwhen the debuff is nullified. Freely Swaps Between ATK and DEF The core of Heshan is his Channeling skill [Performance] , which enhances skills and grants additional effects to other skills at the cost of consuming 1 NRG per turn. Adjust to any situation by freely swaping between [Verdant Melody] to heal allies and apply buffs, or [Withered Dirge], which inflicts debuffs on enemies and deals damage. Point! When surrounded by allies who need Crit buffs or when healing is required, use [Verdant Melody]. In all other situations, use [Withered Dirge] to deal damage to enemies. How to Use Finale - Cold Steel 1 stack of Great Danger is gained per turn while any [Channeling] skill is activated. At 2 stacks, the Trait Skill [Finale - Cold Steel] becomes available, and using it heals allies, grants buffs, and inflicts debuffs and deals damage to enemies. Empowers Attackers with Crit Buffs Access to [Horns of Home], which significantly boosts both Crit and Crit DMG, as well as multiple skills like [Verdant Melody], make Heshan a standout support character . Attackers who already have high base Crit, such as most Seekers, will receive diminishing returns from these buffs , so adjust your squad, skill build, and gear accordingly. Boosts Elaman Units with Liberation Heshan's Trait can grant 5 stacks of [Liberation] every turn to surrounding Elaman allies while [Channeling]. While Heshan needs to remain within 3 tiles of the ally, Elaman Characters can make better use of their abilities, so if you have powerful Elaman Characters, we recommend including Heshan in the same party. NRG Recovery and Move+ is Crucial While capable of handling various roles alone, Heshan's NRG costs are high. It is also necessary to remain near allies and enemies to perform effectively. Equipping Deadwood of Thunder , or preparing a means of NRG Recovery and Move support from allies will make maneuvering much easier , so keep this in mind when building your party and Gear. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Heshan Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ For Heshan, 3★ is essential since it unlocks multiple significant enhancements, such as increasing the range of Liberation-granting effects, and Great Danger + Liberation stacks at the start of battle. At Star Level 5, you gain NRG at the end of each turn, making it easier to manage your actions. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Heshan Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Chaos March Echo in the Mountains Blessing of Divine Shield Skill Performance Tribal Anthem Horns of Home Weapon Trinket Tarot Nightmare Puppet Deadwood of Thunder Temptation of The Devil This is our recommended build that strengthens allies while also dealing damage to enemies. You want to [Channel] [Withered Dirge] to deal damage to enemies, and switch to [Verdant Melody] for healing allies as needed. NRG Recovery Build is Viable If you don't have a Deadwood of Thunder or cannot provide NRG recovery, try replacing [Horns of Home] with [NRG Restoration] or swap out the Tarot with Fortune to compensate. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Performance ★★★★★ This is the core [Channel] Skill for Heshan. Use [Verdant Melody] when there surrounded by DPS allies who need critical buffs or when healing is needed; otherwise, use Withered Dirge. Echo in the Mountains ★★★★★ An excellent Reaction that greatly reduces damage taken, which also triggers heals when damaged + Channel effects. In general, you want to have this in your build. Tribal Anthem ★★★★★ The effect changes depending on the Channeled melody, allowing either support or Piercing DMG & [Infection] application. It costs 3 NRG, but since there is no CD, it is a powerful skill that can be used every turn by recovering NRG through Gear and Star Levels. Chaos March ★★★★★ A powerful Basic Attack that deals Piercing DMG using Healing Received Reversal and healing, while also applying [Infection] and recovering NRG. Horns of Home ★★★★ Enhances the critical rate & Crit DMG of surrounding allies, with most Elaman characters receiving additional enhancements. Heshan also greatly reduces damage taken, making this a skill you'll want to prioritize. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details NRG Restoration ★★★ Consider including this in your build if you're short on NRG. For example, when Star Levels are low or when you do not have Deadwood of Thunder. Healing Lullaby ★★★ Since it quickly stacks Liberation, include this in your build when you have a lot of Elaman characters in your party. Woodland Suite ★★★ Depending on the Channeled melody, this skill either greatly supports a single ally or damages and debuffs a single enemy. Furthermore, this also recovers NRG, so use it as an alternative recovery method or when fighting a tough boss. Field ★★ Viable to include when AoE damage is extremely high in high-difficulty content. NRG Recovery ★★ Since it can recover NRG, including it in your build is viable for easy stages where you take little damage. Light of Purification ★ Excellent at cleansing debuffs but has a long CD. Only include this in your build if you need additional cleansing and cannot keep up. Merciful Strike(Magic) ★ Since the other Basic Attack [Chaos March] is extremely powerful, you should include that one over this. Resolve ★ Viable in certain high-difficulty stages where Resolve can give you an advantage. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Heshan Nightmare Puppet Reorganized Cube Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet is our choice since it inflicts additional debuffs. The Reorganized Cube is noteworthy as it increases healing, which translates to increased Piercing DMG for Heshan. Alternative weapons include the Cornucopia Staff for NRG and the Threads of Fragrance for increased movement. Recommended Trinkets for Heshan Deadwood of Thunder Fafnir the Scarlet Armor Resonant Crystal The most recommended option is Heshan's signature Deadwood of Thunder, which restores NRG by granting healing effects to enemies. Other viable alternatives include Fafnir and Space-Time Ring to compensate for limited mobility, Resonant Crystal for its NRG recovery effect, and Memory of Teeth for its stat bonuses. Recommended Tarots for Heshan Mercy of The High Priestess Course of Fortune Redemption of The Judgement The Devil, which increases stats, Fortune, which provides NRG recovery, and Judgement, which supports allies, are all recommended choices. In addition, Heshan is compatible with a variety of Tarots, including The Hermit , which reduces damage taken, The High Priestess , which increases healing done, and The Empress , which removes debuffs. Choose the one that best suits your immediate needs . Recommended Engravings for Heshan Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Cup Cup Increases Healing Effect by 10% and Healing Received by 10% . Wand Cup At the end of the turn, there is a 50% chance to gain [Engraving Resonance]. Effect: When using an [active skill] next time, refunds the NRG consumed and resets the CD. The skill effect has a CD of 4 turns. (Does not trigger in real-time combat. The effect changes to increasing HP, ATK and DEF by 5%) We recommend Sword + Wand for increasing stats, Cup + Cup for increased healing, and Wand + Cup for reducing NRG consumption. Heshan's Trait & Skills Heshan's Trait Trait Max Effect [Whispered Danger] ✦ Increases max HP and M.ATK by 15%. ✦ When using skills, Crit applies to healing effect, increasing healing effect by up to 50% through this effect. ✦ At the start of the battle, the character gains 1 stack of Great Danger , 10 stacks of Liberation , and recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the end of the turn, if in any Channeling state, gains 1 stack of Great Danger , recovers 1 NRG, and grants 5 stacks of Liberation to all allies from Elaman within 3 tiles of the character. ✦ When in any Channeling state, reduces DMG taken by 30%. ✦ Gains the additional skill Finale - Cold Steel ; when casting it, for every 5 stacks of Liberation consumed: increases healing multiplier to enemies by 15% and to allies by 5%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Increases max HP and M.ATK by 15%. ✦ When using skills, Crit applies to healing effect, increasing healing effect by up to 40% through this effect. ✦ At the start of the battle, the character gains 1 stack of Great Danger , 10 stacks of Liberation , and recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the end of the turn, if in any Channeling state, gains 1 stack of Great Danger and grants 5 stacks of Liberation to all allies from Elaman within 3 tiles of the character. ✦ When in any Channeling state, reduces DMG taken by 20%. ✦ Gains the additional skill Finale - Cold Steel ; when casting it, for every 5 stacks of Liberation consumed: increases healing multiplier to enemies by 7% and to allies by 3%. ✦ Increases max HP and M.ATK by 10%. ✦ When using skills, Crit applies to healing effect, increasing healing effect by up to 30% through this effect. ✦ At the start of the battle, the character gains 1 stack of Great Danger , 10 stacks of Liberation , and recovers 1 NRG. ✦ At the end of the turn, if in any Channeling state, gains 1 stack of Great Danger and grants 5 stacks of Liberation to all allies from Elaman within 3 tiles of the character. ✦ When in any Channeling state, reduces DMG taken by 10%. ✦ Gains the additional skill Finale - Cold Steel ; when casting it, for every 5 stacks of Liberation consumed: increases healing multiplier to enemies by 7% and to allies by 3%. ✦ Increases max HP and M.ATK by 10%. ✦ When using skills, Crit applies to healing effect, increasing healing effect by up to 30% through this effect. ✦ At the end of the turn, if in any Channeling state, gains 1 stack of Great Danger and grants 5 stacks of Liberation to all allies from Elaman within 2 tiles of the character. ✦ When in any Channeling state, reduces DMG taken by 10%. ✦ Gains the additional skill Finale - Cold Steel . ✦ Increases max HP and M.ATK by 5%. ✦ When using skills, Crit applies to healing effect, increasing healing effect by up to 30% through this effect. ✦ At the end of the turn, if in any Channeling state, gains 1 stack of Great Danger and grants 5 stacks of Liberation to all allies from Elaman within 2 tiles of the character. ✦ When in any Channeling state, reduces DMG taken by 10%. ✦ Gains the additional skill Finale - Cold Steel . Heshan's Base Skills Skill Range Energy Wave [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deal 80% Magical DMG. Performance [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 1 (Decision) Selects to use Verdant Melody or Withered Dirge ; after casting any skill, this skill switches to the corresponding Channel cancel skill. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range NRG Restoration - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) At the end of the turn, recovers an additional 1 NRG. If NRG is less than 1, recovers another 1 NRG. Field - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) Decreases AoE DMG taken by all allies within 3 tiles around the character by 25%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Healing Lullaby [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 3 (Healing) Instant Recovers 10% HP for the target ally and grants 2 random Level 2 Buffs ; if the target is from Elaman , additionally grants 5 stacks of Liberation ; for each stack of Liberation the target has, additionally recovers 5% HP. Light of Purification [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 4 (Support) Dispels 3 debuffs on all allies within 3 tiles around the target and gains Regeneration II for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range NRG Recovery - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When hit by an active attack, the DMG taken is decreased by 8%. Upon receiving an active attack, additionally recovers 1 NRG. Echo in the Mountains - [Reaction] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Reaction) Reduces DMG taken by 20%. ✦ When attacked by enemies: heals the character for 50% of M.ATK; if in Channeling state, immediately triggers 1 instance of the Channeling effect. CD: 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Horns of Home - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Aura) All allies within 4 tiles of the character increase Crit by 20% and Crit DMG by 5%; if Liberation is active on target, additionally increases Crit by 10% and Crit DMG by 5%. ✦ The character gains an additional effect: when attacked by enemies with Healing Received Reversal effects, reduces DMG taken by 25%. Tribal Anthem [Skill] Cost: 3 / CD: 0 (Healing) Triggers corresponding effects based on the current Channeling state: ✦ If in Verdant Melody , heals all allies within 3 tiles of the character for 60% of M.ATK and recovers 1 NRG, grants 1 random Level 2 Buff and △Crit DMG II , lasting for 2 turns. ✦ If in Withered Dirge , inflicts Healing Received Reversal II on all enemies within 4 tiles of the character, lasting for 1 turn, and removes 1 NRG, then heals targets for 80% of M.ATK if they are affected by Healing Received Reversal effects and inflicts 1 stack of Infection . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Chaos March [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack/Healing) Inflicts Healing Received Reversal II on the target enemy, lasting for 2 turns, then heals the target for 60% of M.ATK if they are affected by Healing Received Reversal effects and inflicts 2 stacks of Infection . After casting the skill, the character recovers 1 NRG. Merciful Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 80% magical DMG and increases the effect of the next healing skill by 15%, lasting for 2 turns. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Woodland Suite [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 2 (Healing) Selects a target enemy or ally to cast; after casting, the character recovers 1 NRG. ✦ If the target is an ally, heals for 100% of M.ATK; before healing, dispels all Healing Disability effects and 2 Debuffs from the target, then grants Cooling Powder , DMG Reduction II , P.DEF II , and M.DEF II lasting for 2 turns. ✦ If the target is an enemy, inflicts Healing Received Reversal II and 2 random Level 2 Debuffs , lasting for 2 turns, then heals the target for 120% of M.ATK if they are affected by Healing Received Reversal effects and inflicts 2 stacks of Infection . Resolve - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Immediately recovers 5% HP when the character is defeated. Can be activated up to 1 time per battle. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Blessing of Divine Shield - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect M.DEF is increased by 20% and magical DMG taken is reduced by 20%. Weapons That Heshan Can Equip List of Weapons Starry Sky Heritage Reorganized Cube Skeleton Staff Focus Wand Resentment Broom Diffusing Prism Cornucopia Staff Nightmare Puppet Nirvana Life Fondness Dream Turbidity Magic Ladle Paradox Crystal Chain Light to Purge All Evil Obsidian Star Flames of the Fearless Light Oracle of Judgement Threads of Fragrance Notes of A Genius Iceamber Talons Destiny's Grip Gazing Orb Explosive Crystal Ink Totem Solid Wand Astral Rod Apprentice Wand Heshan's Voice Actor & Release Date Heshan Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Chiba Shoya Released on Friday, June 12 Heshan was released on Friday, June 12. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Heshan's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. Although a slave himself, Heshan manages the most opulent slave theatre in all of Elaman. His mastery of the lute has won him the favor of noble slvaers, granting him privileges that others can only dream of. However, to his own people, this makes him the worst kind of traitor. Vlderians speak his name with contempt and fury: That groveling lapdog of the slavers! Yet few know the truth: Heshan leads an underground resistance in Hashalaram, fighting to abolish slavery. A reckless uprising ten years ago cost him his comrades and, through bitter irony, branded him a traitor in the eyes of his people. He seized upon this infamy, using it as cover to burrow deep into the heart of Elaman's elite. Heshan does not care what they call him. For survival, for his people, for the freedom of so many more, he is willing to sharpen himself into a blade and wait for the moment to strike. Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.