SoC | Lukamar Best Build and Skill Tree Guide | Sword of Convallaria - GameWith GameWith uses cookies and IP addresses. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy . OK Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki Main Menu Home Character List Character Tier List Reroll Tier List Gear List Tarot List Banners Events News & Updates Article Menu SoC Guide Wiki Sword of Convallaria Guide Home Latest News & Updates Banner & Events Universal Derivation Event Guide List of Available Banners List of All Available Events Character Database List of All Characters Best Character Tier List List of Upcoming and New Characters Legendary Characters Acambe Afra Agata Alexei Anna Auguste Ayishah Beryl Camelot Caris Ciri Clara Cocoa Col Credenza Dantalion Edda Estra Falin Faycal Flavia Garcia Geralt Gloria Guzman Hasna Heshan Homa Iggy Inanna Kianshir Kiya Kvare Layla Leonide LilyWill Lukamar Lutfi Luvata Magnus Maitha Marcille Miguel Momo Nergal NonoWill Nungal Nydia Pamina Parsifal Pooch Runrun Rawiyah Rico Safiyyah Samantha SchackLulu Selina Senshi Shahnaz Shams Simona SP Faycal SP Inanna SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Rawiyah SP Safiyyah SP Samantha Taair Teadon Team Meteor Triss Tristan Xavier Yeganeh Yennefer Yserinde Reroll Guide Reroll Tier List How to Reroll Guide Gear & Tarots List of All Weapons & Trinkets List of All Tarots SoC Guide (JP) 鈴蘭の剣攻略まとめ GameWith Sword of Convallaria Guide Wiki List of All Characters Lukamar Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Lukamar Best Build and Skill Tree Guide Last Updated: July 31, 2026 5:31 AM 0 See latest comments Hot Topic Latest Event [New Character]: Anna Build Post Share Share Build and skill tree guide for Lukamar in Sword of Convallaria (SoC). See the best gear (weapon/trinket/tarot), skin, tier, and review here! Table of Contents Lukamar Tier & Basic Info Strength & How to Use Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars Best Builds Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Trait & Skills Equipable Weapons Voice Actor & Release Date Lukamar's Tier & Basic Info Rarity Legendary Role Seeker Faction Elaman Alacrity Movement Stats Move Stand High Jump Low Jump 5 Normal 2 2 Lukamar's Tier Overall Rating Reroll Rating ▶ Character Tier List ▶ Reroll Tier List Single-Target Rating Multi-Target Rating List of All Characters User Score Review & How to Get Review - Excellent Mobility and Offensive Capabilities - Core enabler for Elaman Units - Ignored by Most Enemies How to Get - Obtain from Gacha (Summon) Lukamar Pros and Strength Lukamar's Character Overview High Mobility and Offensive Capabilities Strengthens Elaman Characters Requires management of Liberation and Emperor's Blood Also has excellent survivability High Mobility and Offense Lukamar has a number long-Range Skills and movement Skills, making her highly maneuverable. By equipping Gear like Dual Judgement of Flames , using Passives that increase damage, and using her main Skill [Chapter of the Final Dance] with 10 stacks of the Liberation, she can deal overwhelming damage. Furthermore, Lukamar's Trait eliminates her NRG costs, meaning she does not need to be paired with an NRG-supporting ally. Applies Vulnerable After Attacking By increasing her Star Levels, she can apply Vulnerable after attacking, which increases the damage enemies take. At 5-stars, she gains access to the rare Vulnerable III debuff, which only a few characters currently possess. Strengthens Elaman Characters Lukamar's Trait includes a Leader's Aura that constantly strengthens the Elaman Faction. Furthermore, her Trait Skill [Soul-reliever] can grant 10 stacks of Liberation to all allies, a core mechanic for Elaman characters. This means she can significantly strengthen Elaman characters, as well as herself. Important for Future Elaman Characters Liberation is a buff that enhances Skills with the Unshackle tag. This means Lukamar's abilities will be crucial for future Elaman characters, so try to secure Lukamar if you plan on playing with Elaman units. Manage Liberation Stacks and Emperor's Blood To unleash Lukamar's true potential, you’ll need to carefully manage both Liberation and Emperor’s Blood. The number of Emperor’s Blood stacks gained can be increased through star levels, while Liberation can be obtained from certain Skills and the Trait Skill [Soul-reliever]. Accumulating 10 stacks of Liberation and using [Chapter of the Final Dance] as often as possible is essential. Keep a close eye on both how you generate these stacks and your current stack count to fully bring out her potential . Liberation and Emperor's Blood Details Buff Name Details Emperor's Blood Usage - At 10 stacks, allows the use of the Trait Skill [Soul-reliever] - Grants 10 stacks of Liberation to all allied Elaman Faction characters on the Field, including self. - At 3-stars or higher, [Soul-reliever] gains the [Wind Dance Slash] effect, attacking the 2 nearest enemies within a 3-tile range. When [Wind Dance Slash] is activated, the CD of the Reaction [Evil-crusher] is reset. How to Obtain - Gain 10-14 stacks at the start of battle (dependent on Stars) - Gain 2-6 stacks at the end of turn (dependent on Stars) Liberation Effect - For each stack, +2% Crit Rate for Unshackle Skills (Max 10%) - At a certain number of stacks, enhances Skills marked as Unshackle. - Can hold up to a maximum of 20 stacks. Usage - When using [Desert Steps], gain Dodge at 5+ stacks, and also gain △Crit II at 10+ stacks. - When using [Chapter of the Final Dance], consumes all stacks at 5+ stacks to gain P.ATK +50%, and at 10+ stacks also gains deals 80% damage to enemies within 3 tiles. - When Injured while the Reaction [Liberation - Toughness] is equipped, gain DEF +3% for each stack. How to Obtain - Gain 10 stacks for all allies when using Trait Skill [Soul-reliever]. - Gain 5 stacks when using [Blood and Wind]. - Using [Rite of Wind Dance] grants 5 stacks to an allied Faction character within a 5-tile range at the start or end of their turn (only once per character). - When [Song of Wind] is equipped, +2% damage for Unshackle Skills for each stack (Max 20%) Excellent Survivability Lukamar has numerous Skills that grant Dodge, giving her exceptional survivability, further reinforced by her unique Reaction [Evil-crusher]. In addition to providing Dodge and the Deflection buff, which reduces damage taken by 50%, [Evil-crusher] also applies the Unfocused effect. This causes enemies to prioritize other targets within their attack range, allowing her to effectively redirect incoming attacks. When used properly, this makes her highly reliable even in high-difficulty stages, so be sure to take full advantage of it. Star Level Up Priority & Recommended Stars for Lukamar Aim to Reach 3★ → 5★ Star Level Up Priority Recommended Star Level 3★ → 5★ For milestones, prioritize getting to 3★ to enable the AoE attack of [Wind Dance Slash]. Ultimately, you want to hit 5★, which allows Lukamar to apply [Vulnerable III] and boost the damage of her next skill by 30%. Also note that as you increase her Star levels, it becomes easier to acquire Emperor's Blood, which in turn makes it easier to buff units of the Elaman faction, including Lukamar herself. Shard Farming Priority Guide Best Builds for Lukamar Recommended Build Basic Attack Reaction Ascension Sealing Attack Evil-crusher Path of Shadow Strikes Skill Chapter of the Final Dance Blood and Wind Song of Wind Weapon Trinket Tarot Dual Judgement of Flames Deceptive Shadow Verdict of Justice Accumulate 10 stacks of Liberation before attacking with an enhanced [Chapter of the Final Dance]. [Blood and Wind] is a high-priority Skill because it also grants Liberation, but consider swapping it out for other Skills depending on the situation. Priority Skills Skill Priority and Details Chapter of the Final Dance ★★★★★ Consumes 10 Liberation stacks to deal high single-target damage and perform an AoE attack, making it a powerful main Skill. Since your basic strategy will be to build Liberation stacks before using this Skill, prioritize slotting this skill. Evil-crusher ★★★★★ An excellent Reaction that grants the Deflection buff, which provides Dodge and a 50% DMG Reduction. It has a 3-turn CD, but using [Wind Dance Slash] resets it, so take advantage of that. It also has an effect where enemies will ignore Lukamar if another ally is within their attack range, making it very powerful when used skillfully. Song of Wind ★★★★★ Greatly increases P.ATK and boosts the DMG of Unshackle Skills based on the number of Liberation stacks. Equip it with priority to boost the DMG of your main Skill, [Chapter of the Final Dance]. Blood and Wind ★★★★ An easy-to-use attack Skill that allows for hit-and-run tactics. It also has the valuable effect of granting 5 stacks of Liberation , so its inclusion priority is high. Sealing Attack ★★★★ Lukamar has no NRG consumption and rarely uses Basic Attacks for damage, so we recommend using this basic attack for its utility. Secondary Priorities Skill Priority and Details Blade of Conviction ★★★ A Skill that activates [Wind Dance Slash] while moving. Its Auxiliary Passive doubles the damage of [Wind Dance Slash] and allows you to apply the powerful Blind debuff, so prioritize equipping it when facing enemies vulnerable to Blind. Rite of Wind Dance ★★★ This Skill has various effects like healing and debuff removal, but you'll want to equip it when you want to grant Liberation stacks to allied Faction characters. Desert Steps ★★ An easy-to-use Instant movement Skill that lets you gain buffs based on your Liberation stacks. Equip it when prioritizing mobility. Sand Erosion Bottle ★★ Equip this when you want to change tiles or want to Dodge enemy single-target attacks with Blind . Traceless Shadow - Extra ★★ Typically costs 4 NRG, but Lukamar can use it for 0. It allows her to instantly close the distance to faraway enemies, making it powerful in niche situations, such as when you want to defeat a Ranged enemy standing on high ground. Desert Warrior ★ Equip this when you want to nullify the Blind debuff, such as when there are many enemy Elaman Faction characters. It also enables you to deal Piercing DMG to enemies on specific tiles, making it effective on certain stages. Liberation - Toughness ★ The effect only activates when Injured, and boosting her already low DEF has little effect, making this a negligible skill. Powerful Attack ★ Lukamar has no NRG consumption and rarely uses Basic Attacks for damage, so you should equip the other Basic Attack instead. Recommended Gear, Tarots, & Engravings Recommended Weapons for Lukamar Dual Judgement of Flames Void Stab Blade of Stratagem Dual Judgement of Flames is the most recommended since Lukamar can maximize its effects. Other compatible options include Void Stab for its Crit buffs, and Blade of Stratagem, which raises P.ATK and Crit DMG. Recommended Trinkets for Lukamar Deceptive Shadow Shield of Justice Roaring Flint Stat-boosting Gear such as Deceptive Shadow, Shield of Justice, and Maverick's Cloak are especially recommended. Recommended Tarots for Lukamar Verdict of Justice Dream of The Magician Temptation of The Devil If you’re using gear that significantly increases Critical Rate, such as Dual Judgement of Flames, or skills that boost Critical Rate like [Desert Steps], then Justice is the best in slot. Other viable options include Magician and Hierophant, which increase damage dealt, as well as Devil for its stat boosting effects. Recommended Engravings for Lukamar Resonance Effect Sword Wand Before actively attacking, for each 1 tile traversed, increases ATK and DEF by 4% , up to 12% . The effect lasts until the start of the next turn, Sword Cup When actively attacking, increases the DMG by 5% and grants 15% of [Life Steal]. Wand Wand After using a [basic attack], [skill], [strike back], or [assisting attack], gains 1 random [Level 2 Attribute Buff]. We recommend engraving Sword + Wand for the stat boost, Wand + Wand for the numerous buffs, or Sword + Cup for the DMG boost and Life Steal effect. Lukamar's Trait & Skills Lukamar's Trait Trait Max Effect [Emperor's Prime Sigil] ✦ Gains Jump , the additional skill Soul-reliever , and aura Emperor's Prime Sigil . ✦ Does not have NRG, and all skill NRG costs are 0. Increases P.ATK by 15%. At the start of the battle, gains 14 stacks of Emperor's Blood and gains 6 additional stacks at the end of the turn. ✦ After attacking, inflicts Vulnerable III for 2 turns. ✦ Soul-reliever will trigger Wind Dance Slash effect. ✦ Wind Dance Slash increases DMG of the next active skill used by 30%. See Effects for 4 Stars or Less Stars Unlocked Effect ✦ Gains Jump , the additional skill Soul-reliever , and aura Emperor's Prime Sigil . ✦ Does not have NRG, and all skill NRG costs are 0. Increases P.ATK by 15%. At the start of the battle, gains 13 stacks of Emperor's Blood and gains 5 additional stacks at the end of the turn. ✦ After attacking, inflicts Vulnerable II for 2 turns. ✦ Soul-reliever will trigger Wind Dance Slash effect. ✦ Gains Jump , the additional skill Soul-reliever , and aura Emperor's Prime Sigil . ✦ Does not have NRG, and all skill NRG costs are 0. Increases P.ATK by 10%. At the start of the battle, gains 12 stacks of Emperor's Blood and gains 4 additional stacks at the end of the turn. ✦ After attacking, inflicts Vulnerable II for 2 turns. ✦ Soul-reliever will trigger Wind Dance Slash effect. ✦ Gains Jump , the additional skill Soul-reliever , and aura Emperor's Prime Sigil . ✦ Does not have NRG, and all skill NRG costs are 0. Increases P.ATK by 10%. At the start of the battle, gains 11 stacks of Emperor's Blood and gains 3 additional stacks at the end of the turn. ✦ After attacking, inflicts Vulnerable II for 2 turns. ✦ Gains Jump , the additional skill Soul-reliever , and aura Emperor's Prime Sigil . ✦ Does not have NRG, and all skill NRG costs are 0. Increases P.ATK by 5%. At the start of the battle, gains 10 stacks of Emperor's Blood and gains 2 additional stacks at the end of the turn. Lukamar's Base Skills Skill Range Dual Blade Strike [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 50% physical DMG 2 times. Blood and Wind [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Selects an enemy within 3 tiles of the character, teleports behind them, and deals 160% DMG. After attacking, returns to the position at the start of the turn, can Move Again 3 tiles, and gains 5 stacks of Liberation . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK1 Skill Range Desert Steps [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 3 (Support) Unshackle Instant Teleports to any empty tile within 3 tiles of the character; if the target is a Dust tile, clears the tile effect and gains 3 stacks of Liberation . Upon having certain amounts of stacks, triggers additional effects: ✦ At 5 stacks, after casting the skill, gains Dodge for 2 turns. ✦ At 10 stacks, also gains △Crit II for 2 turns. Desert Warrior - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Immune to Blind . After actively attacking, if t he target is on Soil , Sandbed , Wasteland , or Quicksand tiles, deals additional Sand Piercing DMG equal to 10% of ATK. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK3 Skill Range Blade of Conviction [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Selects 1 target and teleports behind them. ✦ When the target is an ally, triggers Wind Dance Slash effect before teleporting. ✦ When the target is an enemy, triggers Wind Dance Slash effect after teleporting. ✦ Auxilliary Passive . Effect: all Wind Dance Slash attacks inflict Blind for 1 turn and deal double DMG. Chapter of the Final Dance [Skill] Cost: 0 / CD: 0 (Physical DMG) Unshackle . Single-target attack. Deals 160% DMG. If having the following Liberation stacks, consumes corresponding stacks and triggers effects: ✦ When having 5 stacks, before attacking, increases P.ATK by 50%. ✦ When having 10 stacks, grants the 5-stack effect and additionally attacks all enemies within 3 tiles of the target range, dealing 80% AoE DMG . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK5 Skill Range Liberation - Toughness - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: - (Reaction) When Injured , for each stack of Liberation the character has, DEF increases by 3%. Evil-crusher - [Reaction] Cost: - / CD: 3 (Reaction) Gains Unfocused . At the start of battle and at the end of the turn, gains 1 instance of Dodge and Deflection . CD: 3 turns. Effect does not activate when already having Dodge and Deflection . Skills That Can Be Learned at RK7 Skill Range Rite of Wind Dance [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Support) Gains Ritual Dance Aura. The effect lasts until the start of the next turn. ✦ Auxiliary Passive . Effect: At the start of the battle, gains Soul-reliever skill effect and consumes corresponding Emperor's Blood stacks. The first Blade of Conviction in each battle becomes Instant . Song of Wind - [Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Increases P.ATK by 20%. When attacking, for each stack of Liberation owned, additionally increases Unshackle skills' DMG by 2%, up to 20%. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK9 Skill Range Sealing Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 100% physical DMG and inflicts ✗ Passive Skills on Injured targets before attacking, lasting for 2 turns. Powerful Attack [Basic Attack] Cost: - / CD: - (Basic Attack) Deals 110% Physical DMG. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK11 Skill Range Sand Erosion Bottle [Skill] Cost: 1 / CD: 3 (Piercing DMG) Deals Sand DMG equal to 10% of HP to all enemies within 1 tile of the target tile and inflicts Blind for 1 turn. Traceless Shadow - Extra [Skill] Cost: 4 / CD: 0 (Support) Gains 1 Dodge for 1 turn. Upon a successful dodge , teleports behind the attacker's back, dealing 100% Physical DMG, and gains dodge again for 1 turn. Skills That Can Be Learned at RK13 Skill Range Path of Shadow Strikes - [Ascension Skill] Cost: - / CD: - (Passive) Level 3 Effect Increases ATK by 5%; increases Back Attack DMG by an additional 20%. Weapons That Lukamar Can Equip List of Weapons Newborn Blade Void Stab Beheading Machete Ever-Burning Blade Senator Swift Sword Guardian's Will Cornucopia Dagger Nocturnal Glow Dawnmoon Blade of Stratagem Dawnlight Frostspine Grip Witcher's Swords Zirael Dual Judgement of Flames Resolve of Iron and Jade Precision-forged Dagger Dueling Dagger Ceremonial Knife Sharp Sword Glittering Sword Iron Sword Lukamar's Voice Actor & Release Date Lukamar Voice Actor VA Japanese VA: Ishikawa Yui Released on Friday, March 20 Lukamar was released on Friday, March 20. Since the character is added to the standard banner, they can still be obtained even after the limited-time banner ends. Lukamar's Skin Initial Ascended ▲ Unlock Ascended Skin when character reaches Star Level 5. The eternally youthful desert monarch. Lukamar lives with wild abandon and an enigmatic yet dangerously alluring presence that defies understanding. On the surface, she appears to be a pleasure-seeking ruler—perpatually bathed precious Cooling Powder, dancing whenever the mood strikes.Her mystery and danger command fearful submission from both slavers and merchants alike. Yet beneat this decadent facade lies awe-inspiring foresight. Her National Merchant system brought unprecedented prosperity to Elaman, with trade routes flowing like golden arteries that nourish Hashalaram, this brilliant jewel of the desert. The rising merchant class hungrily eyes the power held by noble slavers, while she manipulates court policies with exquisite balance, watching this brutal power struggle with calculated amusement. To Lukamar, the fate of all realms is merely entertainment on her game board. What she truly desires, however, remains unknown to all... Sword of Convallaria Related Guides List of All Characters Legendary Characters Rawiyah Maitha Faycal Beryl Inanna Dantalion Magnus Xavier Nergal Nungal Edda Samantha Garcia Miguel Col Leonide Gloria Teadon Simona NonoWill LilyWill Iggy Momo Alexei Guzman Cocoa Acambe Safiyyah Auguste Hasna Homa Caris Agata SP Rawiyah Taair Tristan Layla Pamina SP Safiyyah Kvare Luvata Estra Flavia Team Meteor Ayishah Afra Nydia Lutfi SP Inanna SchackLulu Kiya Rico Marcille Senshi Falin SP Samantha Credenza Camelot Yserinde Geralt Yennefer Triss Ciri SP Maitha SP Nungal SP Faycal Parsifal Lukamar Pooch Runrun Shams Clara Selina Yeganeh Heshan Shahnaz Kianshir Anna - - - X - - - --> vote voted votes vote Post Share Share Have some feedback? Click here Your feedback will be checked by our staff and will be attended to accordingly. Please be advised that we may not reply to every individual feedback. Article Written by GameWith SoC Strategy Team Reader Comments Alias(Optional) Max. 15 Characters Text Field Max. 300 Characters Image(Optional) By clicking Submit you are agreeing to the Terms of Use. *Offensive, insulting or inappropriate use of forum may lead to ban/restriction. To avoid griefing, you will not be able to post or report for the first %d hours upon visiting this forum for the first time. Submit Close Looks like nobody posted here yet... Read on Copyright Notice © 2024 XD. All Rights Reserved. Most Popular Best Character Tier List 1 Anna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 2 SP Inanna Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 3 List of All Characters 4 Camelot Best Build and Skill Tree Guide 5 Read on Featured Titles Fate/Grand Order (English) Subnautica 2 Neverness to Everness Seven Knights Rebirth Genshin Impact LET IT DIE: INFERNO Mongil: Star Dive Kaiju No. 8 The Game Chaos Zero Nightmare Sword of Convallaria Shadowverse: Worlds Beyond Stardew Valley Arknights Pokemon Legends Arceus Xenoblade Chronicles 3 View List Hot off the Grill Genshin Impact Columbina Build Guide Subnautica 2 | Biomes Location Map and Points of Interests Seven Knights Rebirth | Sunran Guide NTE | Best Character Tier List NTE | Iroi Build: Best Arcs & Team Top Help Center About Us Terms of Use Creation Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us GameWith(日本語) Copyright (C) GameWith All Rights Reserved.